Hyland hiring Account Executive - DACH in Germany | LinkedIn LinkedIn respects your privacy LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads ) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy . Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings . Accept Reject Skip to main content LinkedIn Account Executive - DACH in Berlin Expand search This button displays the currently selected search type. When expanded it provides a list of search options that will switch the search inputs to match the current selection. Jobs People Learning Clear text Clear text Clear text Clear text Clear text Sign in Join now Account Executive - DACH Hyland Germany Apply Join or sign in to find your next job Join to apply for the Account Executive - DACH role at Hyland Email or phone Password Show Forgot password? Sign in Sign in with Email or New to LinkedIn? Join now By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . Account Executive - DACH Hyland Germany 12 hours ago Be among the first 25 applicants See who Hyland has hired for this role Apply Join or sign in to find your next job Join to apply for the Account Executive - DACH role at Hyland Email or phone Password Show Forgot password? Sign in Sign in with Email or New to LinkedIn? Join now By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . Save Report this job Use AI to assess how you fit Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features. Am I a good fit for this job? Tailor my resume Sign in to access AI-powered advices Email or phone Password Show Forgot password? Sign in Sign in with Email or New to LinkedIn? Join now By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . Sign in to evaluate your skills Email or phone Password Show Forgot password? Sign in Sign in with Email or New to LinkedIn? Join now By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . Sign in to tailor your resume Email or phone Password Show Forgot password? Sign in Sign in with Email or New to LinkedIn? Join now By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . Overview Account Executive - DACH Location: Remote - DACH Region Work Type: Remote About The Role The Account Executive - DACH is responsible for developing and maintaining relationships with new and existing customers and partners across Germany, Austria, and Switzerland , with the objective of consistently meeting or exceeding assigned sales goals. This role drives pipeline growth, manages the full sales cycle, and serves as a trusted advisor to customers and partners across the DACH market. Here's What You'll Do Develop a comprehensive sales plan to meet or exceed quota, including the identification and prioritization of opportunities for existing and potential customers and partners across the DACH region. Proactively initiate and maintain contact with customers and partners on a regular basis to develop, maintain, and expand business relationships across Germany, Austria, and Switzerland. Develop and communicate accurate, real-time sales forecasting while recording all customer account information, opportunities, and meaningful conversations in the CRM. Partner with sales solution engineers in the development of software demonstrations, actively contributing to and participating in customer-facing presentations. Attend and actively contribute to trade shows and events across the DACH market, ensuring customers and potential customers are engaged in company marketing efforts. Develop closing plans for accounts, engaging internal leadership as necessary to lead negotiation and contracting processes to ensure deals are closed on time as forecasted. Role Essentials Proven experience as an Account Manager or Account Executive with demonstrated knowledge of sales in a relevant technology solution or assigned industry. Strong ability to establish rapport and gain the trust of others, with good negotiating and influencing skills. Proficiency in opportunity management and account planning tools, including Microsoft Office and CRM platforms. Highly organized and experienced at successfully multi-tasking, with the ability to manage work independently to completion. Good oral and written communication skills that demonstrate a professional demeanor and the ability to interact with others with discretion and tact. What We'd Like to See Experience working within the DACH market with a strong understanding of regional business culture and customer dynamics across Germany, Austria, and Switzerland. Multilingual skills are highly desirable — fluency in German (written and spoken) is a strong plus. Experience in a B2B SaaS or enterprise technology environment with familiarity in content services or intelligent automation solutions. Strong collaboration skills with the ability to engage cross-functional teams including sales specialists, marketing, and customer success. Associate's degree or equivalent experience in Business, Sales, or a related field. About Hyland Hyland is the pioneer of the Content Innovation Cloud™, delivering ubiquitous enterprise intelligence to organizations with solutions that unlock actionable insights and drive automation. © Hyland. All rights reserved. Trusted by thousands of organizations worldwide, including many of the Fortune 100, Hyland's solutions create the foundation for a connected, agentic enterprise, where teams harness the power of AI to redefine how they operate and engage with those they serve. For additional information on Hyland's platform and services, please visit Hyland.com . #HylandLife Since 1991, it has been Hyland's mission to help our employees, customers and partners exceed their potential with our industry-leading content services platform . Our employees exude a contagious energy and are passionate about what they do – whether it's helping customers succeed, raising up their fellow Hylanders, or engaging in the communities where they live and work. The #HylandLife hashtag encompasses our employee-centric culture. Our employees live our culture day in and day out by bringing their best self to work. Hyland supports them to do just that through career development resources, wellbeing programs and innovation practices. We thrive on diverse viewpoints and new ideas and believe that a positive, inclusive workplace is imperative to sustainable success. As we've grown to a company of nearly 4,000 strong, we have the opportunity to make a significant impact on our communities . We strongly support employee initiatives and align our giving campaigns and programs to organizations that are important to them. Equal Opportunity Statement Hyland is an equal opportunity employer. We value diversity and are committed to providing an inclusive workplace for all employees and applicants. Employment decisions are made without regard to any characteristic protected by applicable laws and regulations. Information collected during the hiring process is used solely to assess qualifications, verify identity, and comply with legal requirements. Show more Show less Seniority level Entry level Employment type Full-time Job function Sales and Business Development Industries Software Development Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Hyland by 2x See who you know Get notified when a new job is posted. Set alert Sign in to set job alerts for “Account Executive” roles. Email or phone Password Show Forgot password? Sign in Sign in with Email or New to LinkedIn? Join now By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . Similar jobs Key Account Manager Key Account Manager FICO Germany 6 days ago Account Executive – Enterprise | up to €100K base + €60K bonus - uncapped | OTE €200K | ConTech / Construction SaaS Account Executive – Enterprise | up to €100K base + €60K bonus - uncapped | OTE €200K | ConTech / Construction SaaS Bluebird Germany 1 week ago Enterprise Account Executive I SaaS I 260k OTE I Remote Enterprise Account Executive I SaaS I 260k OTE I Remote SaaSlyte Germany 3 weeks ago Account Executive Account Executive RemotePass Germany 2 months ago Key Account Manager - Automotive Key Account Manager - Automotive IC Resources Germany 6 days ago Jr. Account Executive | €140K OTE | SaaS AI | €20M ARR trajectory Jr. Account Executive | €140K OTE | SaaS AI | €20M ARR trajectory Bluebird Germany 21 hours ago Key Account Manager Key Account Manager Montu UK Germany €65,000.00 - €70,000.00 3 days ago Account Executive Account Executive Stott and May Germany 3 weeks ago Major Account Manager Major Account Manager Revenera Germany 3 days ago Senior Account Executive - Digital Experience Senior Account Executive - Digital Experience OpenText Germany 3 days ago Account Executive - SMB (m/w/d) Account Executive - SMB (m/w/d) Flip Germany 6 days ago Group Account Manager (m/f/d) Group Account Manager (m/f/d) Hitachi Germany 2 weeks ago Mid-Level Account Executive (all genders) Mid-Level Account Executive (all genders) DieProduktMacher Germany 5 months ago Director of Sales - Europe Director of Sales - Europe Kepler Communications Inc. Germany 4 weeks ago Strategic Account Manager Strategic Account Manager Crinetics Pharmaceuticals Germany 3 weeks ago Strategic Account Executive Strategic Account Executive Ping Identity Germany 3 weeks ago Account Executive, Mid-Market | EMEA Account Executive, Mid-Market | EMEA Jobgether Germany 14 hours ago Account Executive - Europe Account Executive - Europe Alpaca Berlin, Berlin, Germany 3 months ago Strategic Account Executive - Institutional DeFi Strategic Account Executive - Institutional DeFi MLabs Berlin, Berlin, Germany 1 month ago Global Account Manager Global Account Manager LMI Technologies Germany 1 day ago Senior Account Executive / Business Development Director Senior Account Executive / Business Development Director Cognite Munich, Bavaria, Germany 1 week ago Senior Account Executive / Business Development Director Senior Account Executive / Business Development Director Cognite Berlin, Berlin, Germany 1 week ago Senior Account Executive / Business Development Director Senior Account Executive / Business Development Director Cognite Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 1 week ago Senior Account Executive / Business Development Director Senior Account Executive / Business Development Director Cognite Düsseldorf, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany 1 week ago Senior Account Executive / Business Development Director Senior Account Executive / Business Development Director Cognite Cologne, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany 1 week ago Senior Account Executive / Business Development Director Senior Account Executive / Business Development Director Cognite Frankfurt, Hesse, Germany 1 week ago (Junior) Account Manager (w/m/d) (Junior) Account Manager (w/m/d) Shiftmove Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg, Berlin, Germany 5 days ago Show more jobs like this Show fewer jobs like this People also viewed Senior Account Executive / Business Development Director Senior Account Executive / Business Development Director Cognite Stuttgart, Baden-Württemberg, Germany 1 week ago Account Executive Account Executive Found By Few Germany 2 weeks ago Account Executive - Enterprise (m/f/d) Account Executive - Enterprise (m/f/d) Flip Stuttgart, Baden-Württemberg, Germany 2 weeks ago Account Executive Account Executive Druid AI Germany 3 weeks ago Account Executive - Remote Account Executive - Remote Katapult Germany 20 hours ago Account Executive Account Executive Jobgether Germany 4 days ago Enterprise Account Executive Enterprise Account Executive Syndigo Munich, Bavaria, Germany 1 week ago Account Executive - Enterprise (m/w/d) Account Executive - Enterprise (m/w/d) Flip Germany 6 days ago Senior Account Executive - Digital Experience Senior Account Executive - Digital Experience OpenText Grasbrunn, Bavaria, Germany 16 hours ago Account Executive - Europe Account Executive - Europe Alpaca Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 3 months ago Similar Searches Account Manager jobs 17,983 open jobs Business Development Specialist jobs 24,287 open jobs Sales Director jobs 1,008 open jobs Pharmaceutical Sales Consultant jobs 12,171 open jobs Sales Coach jobs 33 open jobs Sales Trainer jobs 2,418 open jobs Commercial Agent jobs 13,003 open jobs Industrial Sales Specialist jobs 6,084 open jobs Marketing Assistant jobs 2,920 open jobs Sales Partner jobs 1,834 open jobs Public Relations Assistant jobs 321 open jobs Recruiter jobs 9,159 open jobs Law Officer jobs 19 open jobs Analyst jobs 54,870 open jobs Insurance Sales Specialist jobs 254 open jobs Sales Engineer jobs 16,350 open jobs Channel System Engineer jobs 4,366 open jobs Advertisement Sales Specialist jobs 177 open jobs Private Client Advisor jobs 143 open jobs Sales Counselor jobs 422 open jobs Project Manager jobs 15,641 open jobs Social Media Manager jobs 6,449 open jobs Business Consultant jobs 5,891 open jobs Junior Sales Manager jobs 3,665 open jobs Event Manager jobs 5,395 open jobs Show more Show less Explore top content on LinkedIn Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place. View top content More searches More searches Account Manager jobs Business Development Specialist jobs Sales Director jobs Salesforce jobs Gartner jobs Pharmaceutical Sales Consultant jobs Docusign jobs Sales Coach jobs Sales Trainer jobs Google jobs LinkedIn jobs Commercial Agent jobs Industrial Sales Specialist jobs COMPO jobs Marketing Assistant jobs Sales Partner jobs Public Relations Assistant jobs Recruiter jobs Law Officer jobs Adobe jobs Analyst jobs Insurance Sales Specialist jobs Sales Engineer jobs OneTrust jobs Channel System Engineer jobs Advertisement Sales Specialist jobs Private Client Advisor jobs Sales Counselor jobs Cisco jobs Amazon jobs Project Manager jobs Social Media Manager jobs Stryker jobs SoftwareOne jobs Business Consultant jobs Junior Sales Manager jobs Event Manager jobs Financial Accountant jobs Lenovo jobs Drawer jobs IBM jobs Client Account Manager jobs Director jobs Operations Executive jobs Public Relations Consultant jobs Distribution Coordinator jobs Alpha jobs Media Manager jobs Advertising Specialist jobs ALLPLAN jobs VIU Eyewear jobs Copywriter jobs Ingram Micro jobs SAP jobs Journalist jobs Project Director jobs Technical Sales Specialist jobs TeamViewer jobs Area Business Manager jobs Director of Stewardship jobs LinkedIn &copy; 2026 About Accessibility User Agreement Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Brand Policy Guest Controls Community Guidelines العربية (Arabic) বাংলা (Bangla) Čeština (Czech) Dansk (Danish) Deutsch (German) Ελληνικά (Greek) English (English) Español (Spanish) فارسی (Persian) Suomi (Finnish) Français (French) हिंदी (Hindi) Magyar (Hungarian) Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian) Italiano (Italian) עברית (Hebrew) 日本語 (Japanese) 한국어 (Korean) मराठी (Marathi) Bahasa Malaysia (Malay) Nederlands (Dutch) Norsk (Norwegian) ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi) Polski (Polish) Português (Portuguese) Română (Romanian) Русский (Russian) Svenska (Swedish) తెలుగు (Telugu) ภาษาไทย (Thai) Tagalog (Tagalog) Türkçe (Turkish) Українська (Ukrainian) Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese) 简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified)) 正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional)) Language LinkedIn Know when new jobs open up Never miss a job alert with the new LinkedIn app for Windows. Get the app Agree & Join LinkedIn By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . Sign in to see who you already know at Hyland Email or phone Password Show Forgot password? Sign in Sign in with Email or New to LinkedIn? Join now By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . LinkedIn LinkedIn is better on the app Don’t have the app? Get it in the Microsoft Store. Open the app