AMDT hiring Channel Partner Manager EMEA (m/f/d) in Landau in der Pfalz, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany | LinkedIn LinkedIn respects your privacy LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads ) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy . Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings . Accept Reject Skip to main content LinkedIn Channel Partner Manager EMEA (m/f/d) in Berlin Expand search This button displays the currently selected search type. When expanded it provides a list of search options that will switch the search inputs to match the current selection. Jobs People Learning Clear text Clear text Clear text Clear text Clear text Sign in Join now Channel Partner Manager EMEA (m/f/d) AMDT Landau in der Pfalz, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany Apply Join or sign in to find your next job Join to apply for the Channel Partner Manager EMEA (m/f/d) role at AMDT Email or phone Password Show Forgot password? Sign in Sign in with Email or New to LinkedIn? Join now By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . Channel Partner Manager EMEA (m/f/d) AMDT Landau in der Pfalz, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany 12 hours ago Over 200 applicants See who AMDT has hired for this role Apply Join or sign in to find your next job Join to apply for the Channel Partner Manager EMEA (m/f/d) role at AMDT Email or phone Password Show Forgot password? Sign in Sign in with Email or New to LinkedIn? Join now By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . Save Report this job Use AI to assess how you fit Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features. Am I a good fit for this job? Tailor my resume Sign in to access AI-powered advices Email or phone Password Show Forgot password? Sign in Sign in with Email or New to LinkedIn? Join now By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . Sign in to evaluate your skills Email or phone Password Show Forgot password? Sign in Sign in with Email or New to LinkedIn? Join now By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . Sign in to tailor your resume Email or phone Password Show Forgot password? Sign in Sign in with Email or New to LinkedIn? Join now By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . Role Overview We are looking for a Channel Partner Manager to develop and manage relationships with channel partners to drive sales and revenue. You will be responsible for identifying and onboarding new partners, providing sales-support and training, and managing the performance of existing partners. The ideal candidate will have experience in channel management, strong communication and interpersonal skills, and a deep understanding of the sales process. Your Tasks Identify and onboard new channel partners within the territory Provide sales-support and training to partners to ensure success Manage the performance of existing partners, and develop strategies to improve their sales and revenue Develop and maintain strong relationships with partners and work closely with them to achieve mutual goals Collaborate with the sales team to align sales and channel efforts Monitor industry trends and stay up-to-date on competitors and market conditions Create and manage channel partner budgets and forecasts Implement channel partner programs, such as training, marketing, and incentives Measure and report on the performance of channel partners, using metrics such as sales and revenue Identify and resolve conflicts and challenges within the channel Provide support and guidance to partners on product and solution offerings Attend industry events and conferences to build relationships and promote the company Your Profile 3-5 years of experience in channel management in the OT software environment OT-Security knowledge is a plus Proficiency in customer relationship management (Salesforce) software Strong verbal and written communication skills, with experience presenting to partners and senior level stakeholders Knowledge of sales techniques and strategies Ability to build and maintain relationships with partners Strong problem-solving and negotiation skills Time management and organizational skills Ability to work independently and as part of a team Flexibility and adaptability to change A desire to learn and grow in the channel management field Demonstrated ability to leverage AI technologies to improve efficiency, analysis, and overall performance Bachelor’s degree in business or related field English business fluent, German basic skills Willingness to travel 30-50% That sounds like you? Then don't wait any longer and send us your resume. We are looking forward to the exchange with you! Chiara Germani is your contact person. Reasons to become part of AMDT Transformative Opportunities & Inclusive Culture: Be part of a dynamic, evolving company where growth is encouraged, your contributions are valued, and where you collaborate and thrive within a diverse, supportive community. Rewarding Performance: Benefit from a competitive, performance‑oriented compensation package designed to celebrate your achievements and reward the value you bring. Flexible Work Options: Work how you work best – remotely, hybrid, or from our state-of-the-art office. Future Security: We invest in your future, contributing 20% towards a comprehensive pension plan. Supplementary Health Coverage: Enjoy added security with additional health insurance that supports your well‑being beyond the basics. Corporate Benefits: Take advantage of exclusive discounts on selected brands to enrich your everyday life. Continuous Learning: Access Preply for easy language learning, supporting your personal and professional growth. Celebrating Milestones: Enjoy special bonuses and gifts for significant life events like marriage, the birth of a child, or your anniversaries with us. About Us AMDT is the global market and technology leader for versioning and backup solutions in industrial automation. With its octoplant software platform, the company secures the automation of production processes through strong end-point management, where it consistently records and monitors changes to configurations, programming and project statuses in production. This minimizes downtime, increases efficiency, quality and safety standards, and saves costs as well as resources. As a modular solution, octoplant can be linked to different automation technologies and devices, regardless of the manufacturer. AMDT was formed in 2022 from the merger of the two established market leaders AUVESY GmbH and MDT Software Inc. The company is headquartered in Landau, Pfalz, Germany, with additional locations in the USA and China. The company works with more than 100 partners on all continents and serves over 3,000 customers worldwide More information at: amdt.com We are an equal opportunity employer and prohibit discrimination/harassment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local laws. AMDT maintains a drug-free workplace. Show more Show less Seniority level Mid-Senior level Employment type Full-time Job function Business Development and Sales Industries Automation Machinery Manufacturing Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at AMDT by 2x See who you know Get notified when a new job is posted. Set alert Sign in to set job alerts for “Partnerships Manager” roles. Email or phone Password Show Forgot password? Sign in Sign in with Email or New to LinkedIn? Join now By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . Similar jobs Strategic Account Manager EMEA (m/f/d) Strategic Account Manager EMEA (m/f/d) AMDT Landau in der Pfalz, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany 1 week ago Performance Marketing Manager (m/w/d) Performance Marketing Manager (m/w/d) MOD education Landau in der Pfalz, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany 1 day ago People also viewed Account Manager / Key Account Manager (m/w/d) – Quereinsteiger willkommen! Account Manager / Key Account Manager (m/w/d) – Quereinsteiger willkommen! Bold Academy Landau in der Pfalz, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany 4 hours ago Similar Searches Account Manager jobs 17,983 open jobs Sales Partner jobs 1,834 open jobs Event Manager jobs 5,395 open jobs Physical Education Specialist jobs 85 open jobs Business Development Specialist jobs 24,287 open jobs House Director jobs 302 open jobs Education Management Specialist jobs 81 open jobs Business Development Officer jobs 10,125 open jobs Media Manager jobs 95 open jobs Sales Director jobs 1,008 open jobs Content Manager jobs 7,748 open jobs Fundraiser jobs 354 open jobs Project Manager jobs 15,641 open jobs Marketing Director jobs 88 open jobs Public Relations Manager jobs 1,236 open jobs Ecommerce Manager jobs 2,852 open jobs Educational Counselor jobs 17 open jobs Director jobs 73,946 open jobs Client Account Manager jobs 4,644 open jobs Advertisement Sales Specialist jobs 177 open jobs Head Developer jobs 148 open jobs Sales Coach jobs 33 open jobs Real Estate Broker jobs 2,032 open jobs Estate Manager jobs 286 open jobs Social Media Manager jobs 6,449 open jobs Show more Show less Explore top content on LinkedIn Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place. View top content More searches More searches Account Manager jobs Sales Partner jobs Event Manager jobs Physical Education Specialist jobs Business Development Specialist jobs House Director jobs Education Management Specialist jobs Hochland jobs Business Development Officer jobs Media Manager jobs Sales Director jobs Content Manager jobs Fundraiser jobs Robert Bosch Stiftung jobs IONITY jobs Project Manager jobs Marketing Director jobs Google jobs Public Relations Manager jobs Ecommerce Manager jobs Educational Counselor jobs Director jobs Schwarz Corporate Solutions jobs Client Account Manager jobs Advertisement Sales Specialist jobs ZDF jobs Head Developer jobs Sales Coach jobs Real Estate Broker jobs LinkedIn jobs Klarna jobs LBBW jobs TIMOCOM jobs Salesforce jobs adidas jobs Estate Manager jobs Adobe jobs Social Media Manager jobs kununu jobs Product Manager jobs Podiatrist jobs Amazon jobs Chief Executive Officer jobs On jobs Branch Director jobs Swatch Group jobs Docusign jobs Director of Education jobs Musician jobs Software AG jobs Public Relations Assistant jobs AMBOSS jobs Technical Sales Specialist jobs Sales Trainer jobs Statista jobs BARMER jobs Creative Director jobs Vitra jobs Art Therapist jobs heycar jobs LinkedIn &copy; 2026 About Accessibility User Agreement Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Brand Policy Guest Controls Community Guidelines العربية (Arabic) বাংলা (Bangla) Čeština (Czech) Dansk (Danish) Deutsch (German) Ελληνικά (Greek) English (English) Español (Spanish) فارسی (Persian) Suomi (Finnish) Français (French) हिंदी (Hindi) Magyar (Hungarian) Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian) Italiano (Italian) עברית (Hebrew) 日本語 (Japanese) 한국어 (Korean) मराठी (Marathi) Bahasa Malaysia (Malay) Nederlands (Dutch) Norsk (Norwegian) ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi) Polski (Polish) Português (Portuguese) Română (Romanian) Русский (Russian) Svenska (Swedish) తెలుగు (Telugu) ภาษาไทย (Thai) Tagalog (Tagalog) Türkçe (Turkish) Українська (Ukrainian) Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese) 简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified)) 正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional)) Language LinkedIn Know when new jobs open up Never miss a job alert with the new LinkedIn app for Windows. Get the app Agree & Join LinkedIn By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . Sign in to see who you already know at AMDT Email or phone Password Show Forgot password? Sign in Sign in with Email or New to LinkedIn? Join now By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . LinkedIn LinkedIn is better on the app Don’t have the app? Get it in the Microsoft Store. Open the app