Salesforce hiring Commercial / Enterprise Account Executive - MuleSoft / Germany in Greater Hamburg Area | LinkedIn LinkedIn respects your privacy LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads ) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy . Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings . Accept Reject Skip to main content LinkedIn Commercial / Enterprise Account Executive - MuleSoft / Germany in Berlin Expand search This button displays the currently selected search type. When expanded it provides a list of search options that will switch the search inputs to match the current selection. Jobs People Learning Clear text Clear text Clear text Clear text Clear text Sign in Join now Commercial / Enterprise Account Executive - MuleSoft / Germany Salesforce Greater Hamburg Area Apply Join or sign in to find your next job Join to apply for the Commercial / Enterprise Account Executive - MuleSoft / Germany role at Salesforce Email or phone Password Show Forgot password? Sign in Sign in with Email or New to LinkedIn? Join now By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . Commercial / Enterprise Account Executive - MuleSoft / Germany Salesforce Greater Hamburg Area 8 hours ago 30 applicants See who Salesforce has hired for this role Apply Join or sign in to find your next job Join to apply for the Commercial / Enterprise Account Executive - MuleSoft / Germany role at Salesforce Email or phone Password Show Forgot password? Sign in Sign in with Email or New to LinkedIn? Join now By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . Save Report this job To get the best candidate experience, please consider applying for a maximum of 3 roles within 12 months to ensure you are not duplicating efforts. Job Category Sales Job Details About Salesforce Salesforce is the #1 AI CRM, where humans with agents drive customer success together. Here, ambition meets action. Tech meets trust. And innovation isn’t a buzzword — it’s a way of life. The world of work as we know it is changing and we're looking for Trailblazers who are passionate about bettering business and the world through AI, driving innovation, and keeping Salesforce's core values at the heart of it all. Ready to level-up your career at the company leading workforce transformation in the agentic era? You’re in the right place! Agentforce is the future of AI, and you are the future of Salesforce. Every CIO today is being forced to evaluate their integration strategy in order to move faster and increase innovation to meet the demands of the market. Organisations are spending over $443 billion on integration work every year, yet they still can’t move fast enough to outpace competition. Mulesoft is building a new category of software to uniquely solve this massive challenge, with our industry-leading integration platform and a profound focus on customer success for over thousands of businesses & organisations, large and small across the globe. We are looking for outcomes-oriented, highly collaborative Account Executives with an entrepreneurial spirit to help us take on this massive market opportunity and achieve significant revenue targets. MuleSoft is the fastest growing business unit in Salesforce and Germany is one of the fastest growing markets globally for Mulesoft. Mulesoft is hiring for both our Commercial and our Enterprise business segments! Our Mulesoft Commercial segment focuses on working with customers and organizations with 200-4500 employees. Our Mulesoft Enterprise segment focuses on working with our most strategic customers and organizations of 5000- 10,000+ employees. This is not your standard tactical role selling a piece of software. You will be a key member of a close-knit, cross-functional team that is responsible for owning and driving the go-to-market strategy for your territory, and leading the sales cycle. We are paving the way to not only change the way our customers build software, but transform the way they do business. You will sell strategic business outcomes with long-term, high growth engagements. In this role, you will be challenged as a salesperson to grow personally and professionally: The majority of leaders in our Field organisation come through internal promotions, and you’ll be surrounded by some of the smartest people in the world who will push you and support you to do your absolute best. You may be aligned to the following verticals and/or clouds: Financial Services Retail & Consumer Goods Manufacturing, Automotive, and Engineering High Tech & Services What You’ll Need To Be Successful Recent, cumulative experiences that demonstrate your success in leading complex and commercially significant sales to IT and business leaders > Enterprise: 10+ years of full cycle sales experience, at least 5 years in Enterprise Sales > Commercial: Average of 5+ years of experience preferred of full cycle sales experience, with at least 3 in the field with a proven track record of success Track record of overachievement in quota carrying software sales roles Excitement around hunting greenfield territory and building your business from the ground up Strong focus on delivering customer success with a consultative, outcome-based sales approach Value speaking directly and honestly with others’ best interests at heart A highly collaborative team player with company-first mentality, meaning we leave our egos at the door and support each other to drive results and win together Business Fluent in both German and English Working at Salesforce Working at Salesforce isn’t all about selling. It’s also about learning, and we heavily invest in you with a month-long immersion and onboarding, including: a week-long product bootcamp, mentorship program, weekly coaching and development programs. Benefits We are pioneers of the Pledge 1% model, providing product, grants and community service to those in need. We are proud to be#1 in PEOPLE’s Top 50 Companies that Care, and are on Fortune’s Change the World list. We provide every employee with 7 paid volunteer days off a year, and donation matching for all approved charitable donations. We provide other world-leading benefits to all our employees, including: Retirement saving plan Monthly wellness allowance Flexible time off & leave policies Parental benefits Perks and discounts Check out our benefits site which explains our various benefits Unleash Your Potential When you join Salesforce, you’ll be limitless in all areas of your life. Our benefits and resources support you to find balance and be your best , and our AI agents accelerate your impact so you can do your best . Together, we’ll bring the power of Agentforce to organizations of all sizes and deliver amazing experiences that customers love. Apply today to not only shape the future — but to redefine what’s possible — for yourself, for AI, and the world. Accommodations If you need a reasonable accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please submit a request via this Accommodations Request Form. Please note that Salesforce uses artificial intelligence (AI) tools to help our recruiters assess and evaluate candidates’ resumes and qualifications throughout the recruiting process. Humans will always make any candidate selection and hiring decisions. Please see our Candidate Privacy Statement for more information about how we use your personal data and your rights, including with regard to use of AI tools and opt out options. We warmly invite applications from individuals with a severe disability status (Schwerbehinderung). Salesforce is committed to equality and creating a workplace that reflects society. We set ambitious goals for representation, emphasize accessibility and inclusion, and continuously learn and improve. Learn more about our inclusion initiatives here (https://www.salesforce.com/company/accessibility/workplace-resources/#ally-sf-benefits). In 2019, Salesforce joined The Valuable 500 to champion disability inclusion in business leadership. Posting Statement Salesforce is an equal opportunity employer and maintains a policy of non-discrimination with all employees and applicants for employment. What does that mean exactly? It means that at Salesforce, we believe in equality for all. And we believe we can lead the path to equality in part by creating a workplace that’s inclusive, and free from discrimination. Know your rights: workplace discrimination is illegal. Any employee or potential employee will be assessed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications – without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression or identity, transgender status, age, disability, veteran or marital status, political viewpoint, or other classifications protected by law. This policy applies to current and prospective employees, no matter where they are in their Salesforce employment journey. It also applies to recruiting, hiring, job assignment, compensation, promotion, benefits, training, assessment of job performance, discipline, termination, and everything in between. Recruiting, hiring, and promotion decisions at Salesforce are fair and based on merit. The same goes for compensation, benefits, promotions, transfers, reduction in workforce, recall, training, and education. Show more Show less Seniority level Not Applicable Employment type Full-time Job function Sales and Business Development Industries Software Development, IT Services and IT Consulting, and Technology, Information and Internet Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Salesforce by 2x See who you know Get notified when a new job is posted. Set alert Sign in to set job alerts for “Enterprise Account Executive” roles. Email or phone Password Show Forgot password? Sign in Sign in with Email or New to LinkedIn? Join now By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . Similar jobs Key Account Manager Key Account Manager Coopers Executive Greater Hamburg Area 2 weeks ago Senior Account Executive / Business Development Director Senior Account Executive / Business Development Director Cognite Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 1 week ago Enterprise Sales / Account Executive Microsoft Business Applications & Cloud (m/w/d) Enterprise Sales / Account Executive Microsoft Business Applications & Cloud (m/w/d) Prodware Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 3 days ago (Senior) Account Manager (Senior) Account Manager Seven Education Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 1 week ago Key Account Manager Hospital - Hamburg (x/f/m) Key Account Manager Hospital - Hamburg (x/f/m) Doctolib Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 2 weeks ago Group Account Manager (d/f/m) Group Account Manager (d/f/m) Unilever Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 1 week ago Account Executive - Enterprise Sales (Mensch) Account Executive - Enterprise Sales (Mensch) Event Inc Group Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 1 week ago Account Executive (Mid-level to Senior) Mid-Market DACH Account Executive (Mid-level to Senior) Mid-Market DACH Trustpilot Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 1 day ago Sales Executive (Hunter) – Öffentlicher Sektor (100%) Sales Executive (Hunter) – Öffentlicher Sektor (100%) DigitalTolk Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 9 months ago Senior Enterprise Account Executive (m/f/d) Senior Enterprise Account Executive (m/f/d) ATOSS Software SE Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 14 hours ago Sales Manager - ISV & Enterprise (DACH) Sales Manager - ISV & Enterprise (DACH) Impossible Cloud Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 1 month ago Senior Technical Account Manager (f/m/d) Senior Technical Account Manager (f/m/d) justtrack Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 3 weeks ago Vertrieb - Account Manager (International Sales) Vertrieb - Account Manager (International Sales) SBR International GmbH Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 14 hours ago Account Executive, New Business Sales, Central Europe (English, Greek) Account Executive, New Business Sales, Central Europe (English, Greek) Google Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 1 week ago Hospital Account Manager (w/m/x) Moderne Wundversorgung (Hamburg / Bremen) Hospital Account Manager (w/m/x) Moderne Wundversorgung (Hamburg / Bremen) Smith+Nephew Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 1 week ago Senior Account Manager Senior Account Manager TopCashback UK Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany €45,000.00 - €60,000.00 1 month ago Key International Account Manager - Fragrance Sales Key International Account Manager - Fragrance Sales Givaudan Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 6 days ago Enterprise Account Executive - DACH Enterprise Account Executive - DACH Insider One Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 6 months ago Senior Account Manager Senior Account Manager Coveo Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 1 month ago Junior Account Manager (f/m/d) Junior Account Manager (f/m/d) Mutabor Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 3 months ago Junior Account Manager (m/w/d) im Außendienst Junior Account Manager (m/w/d) im Außendienst MF Gabelstapler Service Henstedt, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany 7 months ago Key Account Manager (m/w/d) für Druck- und Dokumentenlösungen Key Account Manager (m/w/d) für Druck- und Dokumentenlösungen Hugo Hamann GmbH & Co. KG Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 8 months ago Enterprise Account Executive - DACH Enterprise Account Executive - DACH Insider One Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 3 weeks ago Key Account Manager (m/w/d) Key Account Manager (m/w/d) Transcend Information, Inc. Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 2 weeks ago Senior Account Executive Senior Account Executive The Trade Desk Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 1 week ago Inbound Sales Executive Inbound Sales Executive Lenus Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 2 months ago EMEA Sales Senior Account Manager, Smart Spaces and Local Government EMEA Sales Senior Account Manager, Smart Spaces and Local Government NVIDIA Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 1 week ago Show more jobs like this Show fewer jobs like this People also viewed Senior Enterprise Account Executive, Public Sector Senior Enterprise Account Executive, Public Sector ServiceNow Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 4 months ago Key Account Manager (m/w/d) im technischen Vertrieb Key Account Manager (m/w/d) im technischen Vertrieb Mankiewicz México Coating Solutions Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 1 year ago Key Account Manager International (m/w/d) (m/w/d) Key Account Manager International (m/w/d) (m/w/d) JobSpace Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 17 hours ago B2B Sales Account Executive, Vollzeit (w/m/x) B2B Sales Account Executive, Vollzeit (w/m/x) KONVOI Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 4 weeks ago Account Executive, Enterprise Account Executive, Enterprise Flexport Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 1 week ago Senior Account Manager Senior Account Manager Lloyd's Register Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 2 weeks ago Enterprise Account Executive (Germany North post codes 0-3) Enterprise Account Executive (Germany North post codes 0-3) Keepit Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 2 weeks ago Junior Key Account Manager (m/w/d) FMCG / LEH Dein Karrieresprung in den deutschen Handel | Hamburg Junior Key Account Manager (m/w/d) FMCG / LEH Dein Karrieresprung in den deutschen Handel | Hamburg ooha | retail sales & distribution company Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany €45,000.00 - €60,000.00 17 hours ago (Junior) Key Account Manager - Europe and Middle East (m/f/d) (Junior) Key Account Manager - Europe and Middle East (m/f/d) Statista Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 1 week ago Account Executive / Sales Manager (m/w/d) im Außendienst in Hamburg Account Executive / Sales Manager (m/w/d) im Außendienst in Hamburg BONFRY Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany 21 hours ago Similar Searches Sales Trainer jobs 2,418 open jobs Sales Director jobs 1,008 open jobs Technologist jobs 78 open jobs Account Manager jobs 17,983 open jobs Recruiter jobs 9,159 open jobs Developer jobs 21,496 open jobs Director jobs 73,946 open jobs Business Development Specialist jobs 24,287 open jobs Marketing Director jobs 88 open jobs Principal jobs 763 open jobs Law Officer jobs 19 open jobs Sales Partner jobs 1,834 open jobs Insurance Sales Specialist jobs 254 open jobs Sector Director jobs 2,305 open jobs Team Director jobs 8,417 open jobs Sales Coach jobs 33 open jobs Sales Engineer jobs 16,350 open jobs Art Therapist jobs 14 open jobs Hotel Director jobs 626 open jobs Health Coach jobs 193 open jobs Work Placement jobs 5,221 open jobs Chief Executive Officer jobs 3,125 open jobs Biochemist jobs 30 open jobs Fundraiser jobs 354 open jobs Healthcare Consultant jobs 18 open jobs Show more Show less Explore top content on LinkedIn Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place. View top content More searches More searches Sales Trainer jobs Salesforce jobs Sales Director jobs Technologist jobs Gartner jobs UPS jobs Account Manager jobs LinkedIn jobs Google jobs Recruiter jobs Amazon jobs Adobe jobs SAP jobs Developer jobs Director jobs Business Development Specialist jobs Cisco jobs Celonis jobs Stryker jobs AbbVie jobs Docusign jobs Marketing Director jobs Principal jobs Law Officer jobs Sales Partner jobs Schwarz Corporate Solutions jobs Insurance Sales Specialist jobs P3 jobs Sector Director jobs TeamViewer jobs Team Director jobs OneTrust jobs Sales Coach jobs Utimaco jobs Sales Engineer jobs Software AG jobs IBM jobs SoftwareOne jobs Funk jobs Lenovo jobs Computacenter jobs Art Therapist jobs PERI jobs Bechtle jobs Sennheiser jobs Hotel Director jobs Thyssengas jobs dSPACE jobs Personio jobs Ingram Micro jobs Health Coach jobs Work Placement jobs Chief Executive Officer jobs Biochemist jobs Diebold Nixdorf jobs Fundraiser jobs Abiomed jobs Axians jobs Healthcare Consultant jobs AMD jobs LinkedIn &copy; 2026 About Accessibility User Agreement Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Brand Policy Guest Controls Community Guidelines العربية (Arabic) বাংলা (Bangla) Čeština (Czech) Dansk (Danish) Deutsch (German) Ελληνικά (Greek) English (English) Español (Spanish) فارسی (Persian) Suomi (Finnish) Français (French) हिंदी (Hindi) Magyar (Hungarian) Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian) Italiano (Italian) עברית (Hebrew) 日本語 (Japanese) 한국어 (Korean) मराठी (Marathi) Bahasa Malaysia (Malay) Nederlands (Dutch) Norsk (Norwegian) ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi) Polski (Polish) Português (Portuguese) Română (Romanian) Русский (Russian) Svenska (Swedish) తెలుగు (Telugu) ภาษาไทย (Thai) Tagalog (Tagalog) Türkçe (Turkish) Українська (Ukrainian) Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese) 简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified)) 正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional)) Language LinkedIn Know when new jobs open up Never miss a job alert with the new LinkedIn app for Windows. Get the app Agree & Join LinkedIn By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . Sign in to see who you already know at Salesforce Email or phone Password Show Forgot password? Sign in Sign in with Email or New to LinkedIn? Join now By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . LinkedIn LinkedIn is better on the app Don’t have the app? Get it in the Microsoft Store. Open the app