Job Application for Principal Partnerships Manager France at Parloa Back to jobs Principal Partnerships Manager France Paris Apply About Parloa Parloa’s mission is to make every customer conversation feel effortless for both customers and the companies serving them. As agentic AI accelerates, Parloans are shaping the foundation of a new era in customer experience - one where customer support is no longer transactions, but meaningful exchanges. It is not just a vision; Parloa has powered over ONE BILLION interactions between global enterprise brands and their customers, with companies like Booking.com, HealthEquity, Allianz, SAP, BarmeniaGothaer, and TUI already deploying Parloa at scale. About the role: As the Principal Partnerships Manager for France , you will drive the strategic development of our partner ecosystem in these high-potential regions. You will be responsible for identifying and scaling the strategic partnerships necessary to secure our market presence, acting as the key driver for growth in these critical expansion markets. This role is designed for a high-impact individual who thrives on market-entry challenges and possesses the drive to build a regional footprint. Working closely with the EMEA leadership, you will play a key role in defining our regional strategy and execute the tactical moves necessary to establish Parloa as the leading Agentic AI solution in the French market. Areas of ownership: Proactively identify, recruit, and grow leading Service Partners in France, leveraging your existing network to accelerate our market entry. Develop joint business plans with partners that align goals and strategies, executing impactful co-selling, referrals, and implementation initiatives. Lead collaborative marketing and sales efforts alongside partners, bringing innovative AI solutions to market with confidence. Conduct regular check-ins and quarterly business reviews with partners, ensuring goals are met and growth is accelerated. Partner with cross-functional teams (sales, marketing, product) to ensure seamless communication and strong alignment on goals. Who you are: 8+ years of experience in partner management, channel sales, or strategic alliances within the SaaS, Contact Center, or AI sectors. A proven track record of entering new markets and the ability to scale partnership programs from the ground up. A deep, pre-existing network of partners and enterprise decision-makers within the French market. Outstanding communication and relationship-building skills, particularly when engaging with C-level executives and senior stakeholders. Professionally fluent in French and English Based in France, with a strong preference for Paris Our Recruiting Process: Talent Acquisition → Hiring Manager → Technical Interview(s) → Bar Raiser Parloa is committed to upholding the highest data protection standards for our clients' and employees' data. All our employees are instrumental in ensuring the utmost care, GDPR, and ISO compliance, including ISO 27001, in handling sensitive information. Parloa is an e-verify employer in the USA. Please click here to learn more . * We provide equal opportunities to all qualified applicants regardless race, gender, sexual orientation, age, religion, national origin, disability status, socioeconomic background and other characteristics. Create a Job Alert Interested in building your career at Parloa? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email. Create alert Apply for this job * indicates a required field Autofill with MyGreenhouse First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Please link your LinkedIn Profile here. * What is your salary expectation? * Please also mention your ideal base/bonus split and on-target expectations. When would you be able to start a new job? Or what is your notice period? * Where would you like to work from? * Select... Will you require relocation? * Select... Do you require visa sponsorship? * Select... Can you describe your experience building and scaling services partnerships in the Enterprise Software space in a few sentences? * Fluency in both French and English is essential for this role. Could you please confirm that you are comfortable working professionally in both languages? * Which partners have you collaborated with? * Do you have experience working with the French market * Please confirm that you have read our GDPR statement. * Select... You can find it here . Submit application Powered by Greenhouse