Job Application for Mid-Market Account Executive (Bay Area) at Arize AI Back to jobs Mid-Market Account Executive (Bay Area) Bay Area Apply About Arize AI is rapidly transforming the world. As generative AI reshapes industries, teams need powerful ways to monitor, troubleshoot, and optimize their AI systems. That’s where we come in. Arize AI is the leading AI & Agent Engineering observability and evaluation platform , empowering AI engineers to ship high-performing, reliable agents and applications. From first prototype to production scale, Arize AX unifies build, test, and run in a single workspace—so teams can ship faster with confidence. We’re a Series C company backed by top-tier investors, with over $135M in funding and a rapidly growing customer base of 150+ leading enterprises and Fortune 500 companies. Customers like Booking.com , Uber, Siemens, and PepsiCo leverage Arize to deliver AI that works. The Team Our engineering team builds systems that interact with some of the most complex software ever deployed in production. The team is composed of industry veterans that have built deep learning infrastructure, autonomous drones, ridesharing marketplaces, ad tech and much more. We are looking for a fast-paced, client-obsessed Account Executive with an entrepreneurial mindset to find, win and grow new customers. You’ll be searching for business while being an engaged member of the AI/ML community, identifying prospects who will benefit most from our solution. You’ll accomplish this by running an effective ground-game, talking to AI/ML leaders, identifying opportunities to help and building solutions to help achieve their goals. You’ll be involved in exciting and complex sales cycles and leverage your business acumen to navigate the intricacies. What You’ll Do Be a networker, seller and closer Build relationships with AI/ML stakeholders and be an active member of the community Conduct discovery with prospects and share the Arize vision Run a sophisticated prospecting strategy to “get the word out” and find deals Create sales plays, write talk tracks and strategically identify new business opportunities Deeply research accounts, stakeholders and competitors Manage proof of concepts, drive adoption and grow accounts Manage and navigate internal / external stakeholders to ensure success Understand use cases, scope licensing and find more workloads BANT or MEDDIC methodology preferred What We’re Looking For 5+ years SaaS sales experience: Hungry, aggressive and motivated Familiarity or willingness to learn sales technologies to find and attract prospects Self-starter and comfortable working in limited process environments Full-cycle sales experience and ability to navigate the complexities of enterprise deals Fast-paced and focused on helping prospects / customers Team player: Collaboration with peers and other organizations within Arize is critical to success, we deeply value the success of the collective team over individual gains Strong communication skills: Clearly and objectively communicate observations from the field Bonus Points, But Not Required Previous selling experience in Software Engineering Data Science Machine Learning The estimated annual salary and variable compensation for this role is between $160,000 - $225,000, plus a competitive equity package. Actual compensation is determined based upon a variety of job related factors that may include: transferable work experience, skill sets, and qualifications. Total compensation also includes a comprehensive benefit package, including: medical, dental, vision, 401(k) plan, unlimited paid time off, generous parental leave plan, and others for mental and wellness support. While we are a remote-first company, we have opened offices in New York City and the San Francisco Bay Area, as an option for those in those cities who wish to work in-person. For all other employees, there is a WFH monthly stipend to pay for co-working spaces. More About Arize Arize’s mission is to make the world’s AI work—and work for people. Our founders came together through a shared frustration: while investments in AI are growing rapidly across every industry, organizations face a critical challenge—understanding whether AI is performing and how to improve it at scale. Learn more about what we're doing here: https://techcrunch.com/2025/02/20/arize-ai-hopes-it-has-first-mover-advantage-in-ai-observability/ https://arize.com/blog/arize-ai-raises-70m-series-c-to-build-the-gold-standard-for-ai-evaluation-observability/ Diversity & Inclusion @ Arize Our company's mission is to make AI work and make AI work for the people, we hope to make an impact in bias industry-wide and that's a big motivator for people who work here. We actively hope that individuals contribute to a good culture Regularly have chats with industry experts, researchers, and ethicists across the ecosystem to advance the use of responsible AI Culturally conscious events such as LGBTQ trivia during pride month We have an active Lady Arizers subgroup Create a Job Alert Interested in building your career at Arize AI? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email. Create alert Apply for this job * indicates a required field Autofill with MyGreenhouse First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf LinkedIn Profile Website Do you have 5 years of SaaS sales experience? * Will you now or in the future require sponsorship for employment? * Select... Are you legally authorized to work in the US? * Select... What pronouns do you use? Select... Voluntary Self-Identification For government reporting purposes, we ask candidates to respond to the below self-identification survey. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. As set forth in Arize AI’s Equal Employment Opportunity policy, we do not discriminate on the basis of any protected group status under any applicable law. Gender Select... Are you Hispanic/Latino? Select... Race & Ethnicity Definitions If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows: A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service. An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense. An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985. Veteran Status Select... Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability Form CC-305 Page 1 of 1 OMB Control Number 1250-0005 Expires 04/30/2026 Why are you being asked to complete this form? We are a federal contractor or subcontractor. The law requires us to provide equal employment opportunity to qualified people with disabilities. We have a goal of having at least 7% of our workers as people with disabilities. The law says we must measure our progress towards this goal. To do this, we must ask applicants and employees if they have a disability or have ever had one. People can become disabled, so we need to ask this question at least every five years. Completing this form is voluntary, and we hope that you will choose to do so. Your answer is confidential. No one who makes hiring decisions will see it. Your decision to complete the form and your answer will not harm you in any way. If you want to learn more about the law or this form, visit the U.S. Department of Labor’s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp . How do you know if you have a disability? A disability is a condition that substantially limits one or more of your “major life activities.” If you have or have ever had such a condition, you are a person with a disability. Disabilities include, but are not limited to: Alcohol or other substance use disorder (not currently using drugs illegally) Autoimmune disorder, for example, lupus, fibromyalgia, rheumatoid arthritis, HIV/AIDS Blind or low vision Cancer (past or present) Cardiovascular or heart disease Celiac disease Cerebral palsy Deaf or serious difficulty hearing Diabetes Disfigurement, for example, disfigurement caused by burns, wounds, accidents, or congenital disorders Epilepsy or other seizure disorder Gastrointestinal disorders, for example, Crohn's Disease, irritable bowel syndrome Intellectual or developmental disability Mental health conditions, for example, depression, bipolar disorder, anxiety disorder, schizophrenia, PTSD Missing limbs or partially missing limbs Mobility impairment, benefiting from the use of a wheelchair, scooter, walker, leg brace(s) and/or other supports Nervous system condition, for example, migraine headaches, Parkinson’s disease, multiple sclerosis (MS) Neurodivergence, for example, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), autism spectrum disorder, dyslexia, dyspraxia, other learning disabilities Partial or complete paralysis (any cause) Pulmonary or respiratory conditions, for example, tuberculosis, asthma, emphysema Short stature (dwarfism) Traumatic brain injury Disability Status Select... PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete. Submit application Powered by Greenhouse