Job Application for Account Executive, Strategic Accounts at Airtable Back to jobs Account Executive, Strategic Accounts Remote - US Apply Airtable is the no-code app platform that empowers people closest to the work to accelerate their most critical business processes. More than 500,000 organizations, including 80% of the Fortune 100, rely on Airtable to transform how work gets done. As a Strategic Account Executive at Airtable you will have the opportunity to work closely with a variety of strategic accounts across the Fortune 500 globally. Each client has unique needs and you act as a trusted business advisor, helping them effectively leverage our product to drive maximum impact for their business. Just like Lego blocks, what our customers can build with Airtable is virtually limitless. The opportunity for an Account Executive to make an impact on the largest global businesses is massive. Do you thrive working closely with strategic accounts on their unique business needs? Are you looking for some truly fascinating work, where you'll work alongside a best in class team, harnessing the power of an extraordinary product, for a company with unlimited growth potential? What you'll do Prospect, develop, manage sales pipeline and close customers onto our Airtable Platform through inbound and outbound efforts Build relationships with senior executives and decision makers across all industries Prioritize your book of business, develop and execute on account plans for each individual account, including identifying new opportunities, bridging use cases across departments, and building and climbing the org chart Source expansion opportunities in new departments, while telling a compelling wall to wall (multi-use case) story to the CIO (and other relevant executives) as an account gains momentum. Own the full sales-cycle from lead to close Coordinate resources throughout the sales cycle, including legal, sales engineering, implementation specialists and leadership Educate and consult customers on the value of Airtable throughout the sales and adoption cycle Model a wide range of use cases in which Airtable can drive business transformation across different industries Prioritize opportunities and manage a high volume of inbound and outbound email efficiently Forecast performance against sales targets with a high degree of accuracy using a combination of bottoms up deal by deal commits and top down territory analysis Who you are You have 8+ years of quota carrying SaaS sales experience within a SaaS company selling software solutions into multiple industries 6+ years selling into the Enterprise segment Track record of overachieving quota across 6-8 quarters, and at least 1-2 quarters of strong overachievement Experience selling to central buying/IT teams and managing stakeholders in Procurement and Legal. As well as, developing and deepening relationships with C-level, Exec and VP stakeholders Demonstrated ability to successfully and repeatedly close 6-figure ARR deals in a competitive market You have strong prospecting, account planning, and experience selling into teams You have owned complex deals with named accounts (3K+ FTEs) You thrive partnering with business leaders and executives, developing long term relationships and aligning key stakeholders company-wide at each stage of the sales lifecycle You are consultative and able to navigate the complexities and needs of clients across industries, size and lifecycles Strong communication and executive presence. Very comfortable presenting to a room, engaging and influencing executive decision makers You are passionate about our overall mission and how customers can use Airtable You execute with excellence and have a deep track record of creating significant revenue impact and deep relationships for your organization You are scrappy, resourceful and a creative problem solver when discovering the business needs of your customer and understanding how Airtable plugs into the bigger picture for them You embody a growth mindset and seek out opportunities to constantly learn and grow Airtable is an equal opportunity employer. We embrace diversity and strive to create a workplace where everyone has an equal opportunity to thrive. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or any characteristic protected by applicable federal and state laws, regulations and ordinances. Learn more about your EEO rights as an applicant . VEVRAA-Federal Contractor If you have a medical condition, disability, or religious belief/practice which inhibits your ability to participate in any part of the application or interview process, please complete our Accommodations Request Form and let us know how we may assist you. Airtable is committed to participating in the interactive process and providing reasonable accommodations to qualified applicants. #LI-remote Compensation awarded to successful candidates will vary based on their work location, relevant skills, and experience. Our total compensation package also includes the opportunity to receive benefits, restricted stock units, and may include incentive compensation. To learn more about our comprehensive benefit offerings, please check out Life at Airtable . For work locations in the San Francisco Bay Area, Seattle, Los Angeles, and New York, the on-target earnings range for this role is: $272,000 - $354,000 USD For all other work locations (including remote), the on-target earnings range for this role is: $245,000 - $318,000 USD Please see our Privacy Notice for details regarding Airtable’s collection and use of personal data relating to the application and recruitment process by clicking here . For applicants that live in or have a link to Australia, please see this Privacy Collection Statement for details regarding Airtable's collection and use of personal data relating to the application and recruitment process. 🔒 Stay Safe from Job Scams All official Airtable communication will come from an @airtable.com email address. We will never ask you to share sensitive information or purchase equipment during the hiring process. If in doubt, contact us at hr@airtable.com . Learn more about avoiding job scams here . Create a Job Alert Interested in building your career at Airtable? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email. Create alert Apply for this job * indicates a required field Autofill with MyGreenhouse First Name * Last Name * Preferred First Name Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf LinkedIn Profile Do you have permanent work authorization to work in the U.S? * Select... If not, please provide information regarding your sponsorship needs. Do you have 8+ years of quota-carrying SaaS sales experience within a SaaS company selling software solutions to multiple industries? * What are your compensation expectations? * How are you using AI today in your current role? If applicable, show us your last AI experiment. * Share how you currently use AI in your work. If you have a project to showcase, feel free to describe it and include a link (e.g., Google Drive, Loom, GitHub, etc). Make sure your sharing settings allow access. Optional: Upload your AI example. Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf This field is completely optional. If you&rsquo;d like to share a supporting example of your AI work (such as a PDF, screenshot, or presentation), you can upload it here. Voluntary Self-Identification For government reporting purposes, we ask candidates to respond to the below self-identification survey. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. As set forth in Airtable’s Equal Employment Opportunity policy, we do not discriminate on the basis of any protected group status under any applicable law. Gender Select... Are you Hispanic/Latino? Select... Race & Ethnicity Definitions If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows: A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service. An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense. An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985. Veteran Status Select... Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability Form CC-305 Page 1 of 1 OMB Control Number 1250-0005 Expires 04/30/2026 Why are you being asked to complete this form? We are a federal contractor or subcontractor. The law requires us to provide equal employment opportunity to qualified people with disabilities. We have a goal of having at least 7% of our workers as people with disabilities. The law says we must measure our progress towards this goal. To do this, we must ask applicants and employees if they have a disability or have ever had one. People can become disabled, so we need to ask this question at least every five years. Completing this form is voluntary, and we hope that you will choose to do so. Your answer is confidential. No one who makes hiring decisions will see it. Your decision to complete the form and your answer will not harm you in any way. If you want to learn more about the law or this form, visit the U.S. Department of Labor’s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp . How do you know if you have a disability? A disability is a condition that substantially limits one or more of your “major life activities.” If you have or have ever had such a condition, you are a person with a disability. Disabilities include, but are not limited to: Alcohol or other substance use disorder (not currently using drugs illegally) Autoimmune disorder, for example, lupus, fibromyalgia, rheumatoid arthritis, HIV/AIDS Blind or low vision Cancer (past or present) Cardiovascular or heart disease Celiac disease Cerebral palsy Deaf or serious difficulty hearing Diabetes Disfigurement, for example, disfigurement caused by burns, wounds, accidents, or congenital disorders Epilepsy or other seizure disorder Gastrointestinal disorders, for example, Crohn's Disease, irritable bowel syndrome Intellectual or developmental disability Mental health conditions, for example, depression, bipolar disorder, anxiety disorder, schizophrenia, PTSD Missing limbs or partially missing limbs Mobility impairment, benefiting from the use of a wheelchair, scooter, walker, leg brace(s) and/or other supports Nervous system condition, for example, migraine headaches, Parkinson’s disease, multiple sclerosis (MS) Neurodivergence, for example, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), autism spectrum disorder, dyslexia, dyspraxia, other learning disabilities Partial or complete paralysis (any cause) Pulmonary or respiratory conditions, for example, tuberculosis, asthma, emphysema Short stature (dwarfism) Traumatic brain injury Disability Status Select... PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete. Submit application Powered by Greenhouse