Job Application for Mid Market Account Executive at Contentful Back to jobs New Mid Market Account Executive Sydney, New Wales, Australia Apply About the opportunity Building on the growth already achieved by our Emerging Markets sales team, we’re seizing the opportunity to grow our Account Executive team throughout APAC, in the MidMarket space. $100M-$1B annual revenue As a Mid-Market Account Executive in this critical market, you will be the point of contact for prospects. Your role is to identify and develop new sales opportunities while ensuring customers meet their business objectives with Contentful As an MM AE, you’ll drive Contentful’s growth by leading the end-to-end sales process from prospecting to close, driving new revenue opportunities within your customer base, and leading a value-based sales process by speaking the language of Professional developers, marketers, and business leaders. What to expect? Position, negotiate, and close new logo ($50-$500K ACV) in the APAC territory Meet quarterly and annual sales goals by developing an account strategy and pipeline, managing internal and client processes, maintaining sales reports, developing market and competitor knowledge, delivering presentations to customers, and creating sales proposals Prospect and develop new business opportunities with prospective customers. As part of our Value-based Sales motion, it is critical for you to be successful in conducting deep Account and Industry research, identifying key players, and qualifying net new targets, to drive new business opportunities, while growing value-added relationships with key decision makers by becoming a trusted advisor Manage RFI/RFQ requests with Contentful’s internal and customer teams Seek to understand the digital experience challenges of prospects while aligning the ROI of Contentful with those challenges to ensure a value-based selling approach Work closely with Sales Engineers and Solution Architects to uncover technical challenges and opportunities, as well as within the broader sales ecosystem (including, but not limited to, Business Development Representatives, Account Managers, and Customer Success) to drive new business. Develop innovative proposals, position complex pricing structures, and negotiate contracts and deal-closing requirements quickly and efficiently Your compensation plan includes Monthly and Annual accelerators for overachievement against your booking goals. What you need to be successful? 4+ years of B2B SaaS sales experience - a minimum of 2 years in a closing role, with individual quota carrying experience and a history of exceeding quota 3+ years of experience successfully selling to Mid Market level, multi-product, or technical platform solutions Working knowledge of selling and positioning a technical SaaS and/or PaaS platform to prospects and customers Experience growing and expanding existing customer accounts in a SaaS and/or PaaS environment Demonstrated ability to sell transactions of $100k+ to organizations with $100M to $1B in annual revenue, with experience engaging VP and C-Level executives You embody a true “hunter” mentality - you have experience generating net new pipeline and closing new business History of selling complex technical solutions to customers who span distinct divisions (e.g., marketing, IT, sales leadership) Experience with Value Selling and MEDDPICC qualification process Martech experience preferred History of working closely with Partnerships to drive business Ability to understand the Contentful API and discuss outcomes with multi-threaded relationships across C-level stakeholders highly technical individuals Excellent oral and written communication and presentation skills Willingness to travel (up to 25%) College degree preferred What's in it for you? Join an ambitious tech company reshaping the way people build digital experiences Full-time employees receive Stock Options for the opportunity to share ownership and the success of our company We value Work-Life balance and You Time ! A generous amount of paid time off, including vacation days, education days, and volunteer days Access to our Employee Assistance Program (EAP) for information, support, discussion, and counseling for life’s challenges Use your personal education budget to improve your skills and grow in your career. Join a free German class or one of our many internal learning initiatives! Use your physical fitness budget to get away from your desk and support your physical wellness Enjoy a full range of virtual events, including workshops, guest speakers, and fun team activities, supporting learning and networking exchange beyond the usual work duties A monthly phone/internet stipend and phone upgrade reimbursement after 2 years Plus, Contentful socks! And other amazing swag as part of company events. Oh yeah! Who are we? Contentful is a leading digital experience platform that helps modern businesses meet the growing demand for engaging, personalized content at scale. By blending composability with native AI capabilities, Contentful enables dynamic personalization, automated content delivery, and real-time experimentation, powering next-generation digital experiences across brands, regions, and channels for more than 4,200 organizations worldwide. More than 700 people from more than 70 nations contribute their energy and creativity to Contentful, working from hubs in Berlin, Denver, San Francisco, London, New York, and distributed worldwide. Everyone is welcome here! “Everyone is welcome here” is a celebrated component of our culture. At Contentful, we strive to create an inclusive environment that empowers our employees. We believe that our products and services benefit from our diverse backgrounds and experiences, and we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, physical [dis]ability, or length of time spent unemployed. We invite you to apply and join us! If you need reasonable accommodations at any point during the application or interview process, please let your recruiting coordinator know. Please be aware of scammers who may fraudulently allege to be from Contentful. These types of fraud can be carried out through copycat websites, fake email addresses claiming to be from our company, or social media. We do not ask for your personal information, such as bank account numbers, identification numbers, etc, through social media or chat-based apps, nor do we request or send money for the purchase of business equipment. If you suspect fraud, please report it to your local authorities, as well as reach out to us at security-esk@contentful.com with any information you may have. By clicking “Apply for this job,” I acknowledge that I have read the “ Contentful’s Candidate Privacy Notice ” and hereby consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of my personal information as described therein. Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country Phone Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Are you eligible to work in the country you have applied to? * Select... How did you hear about this job? * Select... Please specify if your answer was Event/Meetup or Other: LinkedIn Profile Website Submit application Powered by Greenhouse