Job Application for Mid Market Account Executive - UKI (f/m/d) at Contentful Back to jobs Mid Market Account Executive - UKI (f/m/d) London, England, United Kingdom Apply About the opportunity At Contentful, we are always searching for top candidates to join our global team of Account Executives. We are particularly interested in individuals with experience in the UK and Ireland markets. This is a speculative job description, and an immediate opening may not be available. However, we still encourage interested candidates to apply. In the first instance, a recruitment team member will be in touch to discuss your profile and explain more about Contentful. Thank you for being so interested in Contentful. We will keep your application on file should a suitable opportunity arise. As a Commercial Account Executive - UKI (f/m/d), you’ll drive Contentful’s growth by leading the end-to-end sales process with our top-tier clients. You’ll be instrumental in driving adoption and engagement, finding new revenue opportunities, and creating customer enablement initiatives within a few named accounts. You’ll work closely with our partnership and customer success team to lead a consultative sales process by speaking to professional developers and business leaders. What to expect? Self-generation of the pipeline through outbound motions in conjunction with marketing and BDR teams to help create new opportunities in regional accounts Drive expansion opportunities with existing clients in UKI territories Grow existing accounts by leveraging relationships and following our comprehensive “land and expand” sales model Meet quarterly and annual sales goals by developing an account strategy and pipeline, managing internal and client processes, maintaining sales reports, developing market and competitor knowledge, delivering presentations to customers, and creating sales proposals Manage RFI/RFQ requests with Contentful internal and customer teams Refine and evolve our "land-and-expand" model in collaboration with Sales, Partnerships, and Customer Success teams Seek to understand the digital experience challenges of prospects and clients while aligning the ROI of Contentful with those challenges to ensure a value-based selling approach Work closely with Sales Engineers and Solution Architects to uncover technical challenges and opportunities Develop innovative proposals, position complex pricing structures, and negotiate contracts and deal-closing requirements quickly and efficiently Work closely with customer success & marketing teams to ensure that best practices of Contentful are shared and implemented at the respective customer What do you need to be successful? 3+ years of experience selling a technical platform working as a Sales Development Representative (SDR), Business Development Representative (BDR), and/or Account Executive 1+ years of individual quota-carrying experience 1+ years of growing and expanding existing customer accounts Demonstrated expertise in closing $60-100k+ opportunities Ability to drive your own pipeline generation with outbound capabilities Nice to have: Experience working with Partner ecosystems to work with customers. Understanding and experience working in product-led growth sales motions Fluent language skills in any Eastern European language What's in it for you? Join an ambitious tech company reshaping the way people build digital experiences Full-time employees receive Stock Options for the opportunity to share in the success of our company Fertility and family building benefits, including a lifetime reimbursable wallet to support your growing family. We value Work-Life balance and You Time ! A generous amount of paid time off, including vacation days, sick days, education days, compassion days for loss, and volunteer days Company paid parental leave to care for and focus on your growing family Use your personal annual education budget to improve your skills and grow in your career Enjoy a full range of virtual and in-person events, including workshops, guest speakers, and fun team activities, supporting learning and networking exchange beyond the usual work duties An annual wellbeing stipend to care for your physical, financial, or emotional health A monthly communication phone/internet stipend and phone hardware upgrade reimbursement. New hire office equipment stipend for hybrid or distributed employees. Get the gear you need to work at your best. #LI-Onsite #LI-MM3 Who are we? Contentful is a leading digital experience platform that helps modern businesses meet the growing demand for engaging, personalized content at scale. By blending composability with native AI capabilities, Contentful enables dynamic personalization, automated content delivery, and real-time experimentation, powering next-generation digital experiences across brands, regions, and channels for more than 4,200 organizations worldwide. More than 700 people from more than 70 nations contribute their energy and creativity to Contentful, working from hubs in Berlin, Denver, San Francisco, London, New York, and distributed worldwide. Everyone is welcome here! “Everyone is welcome here” is a celebrated component of our culture. At Contentful, we strive to create an inclusive environment that empowers our employees. We believe that our products and services benefit from our diverse backgrounds and experiences, and we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, physical [dis]ability, or length of time spent unemployed. We invite you to apply and join us! If you need reasonable accommodations at any point during the application or interview process, please let your recruiting coordinator know. Please be aware of scammers who may fraudulently allege to be from Contentful. These types of fraud can be carried out through copycat websites, fake email addresses claiming to be from our company, or social media. We do not ask for your personal information, such as bank account numbers, identification numbers, etc, through social media or chat-based apps, nor do we request or send money for the purchase of business equipment. If you suspect fraud, please report it to your local authorities, as well as reach out to us at security-esk@contentful.com with any information you may have. By clicking “Apply for this job,” I acknowledge that I have read the “ Contentful’s Candidate Privacy Notice ” and hereby consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of my personal information as described therein. Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Preferred First Name Email * Phone Country * Phone * Location (City) * Locate me Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf LinkedIn Profile * Website Are you eligible to work in the country you have applied to? * Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse