Job Application for Associate Applied AI Engineer (Madrid/Spain) - Orbit Program at Celonis Back to jobs Associate Applied AI Engineer (Madrid/Spain) - Orbit Program Tokyo, Japan Apply Celonis is the global leader in Process Intelligence and the pioneer of Process Mining technology. As one of the world’s fastest-growing enterprise SaaS companies, we are changemakers pushing the boundaries of what’s possible. We invest heavily in advanced AI capabilities—specifically our Process Intelligence Graph—to turn data insights into immediate business action. We believe there is a massive opportunity to unlock global productivity and sustainability by placing intelligence at the core of every business process. Join our mission to make processes work for people, companies, and the planet. Location: Looking for Japanese citizens / visa holders, fluent in Japanese, willing to stay in Madrid for 12 months before having the view to relocate to Tokyo. Customer base will be in Japan, involving travel to meet clients in person. The Team As an Associate AI Applied Engineer, you are part of our Value Engineering team and are the trusted advisor for customers working on the intersection of technology and business. As a so-called Value Engineer (VE), you partner with sales and customers to create compelling and innovative technical solutions to critical business problems leveraging cutting edge (AI) capabilities within our Celonis Process Intelligence Platform. A great VE understands the customer, the technology, and the sales cycle making it what may be the most interesting, challenging, and fulfilling role in Enterprise Software You will be joining the Global VE Center of Excellence which is an international, diverse, and dynamic organization at the core of the Celonis Value Engineering team supporting our local field teams. As a team, we enjoy working in a fast-paced environment and share a sense of belonging to a community that wants to learn and grow together. The team culture is one based on building trust, continuous development, and improvement through coaching & mentoring. The Role Talented individuals launch their careers in the enterprise software world by joining the Orbit Graduate Program as an Associate Value Engineer. The 12-month program is a unique experience to fast start your career in the SaaS Industry that highlights hands-on learning, mentorship, and a team culture where we rely on each other to learn, grow and achieve. The program is designed to develop essential VE skills & competencies and establish strong lasting relationships allowing you to grow your career at Celonis. Your journey will start with onboarding & enablement to develop your business and Celonis skills through a combination of hands-on experience in customer engagements and different pieces of training which cover amongst others the Celonis Process Intelligence, domain knowledge, presentation & demo skills, discovery & objection handling as well as value selling. The work you’ll do: Work as part of the Global VE CoE to support the Japan Value Engineering team on customer engagements Collaborate with customers to uncover their core business challenges and determine how Celonis Process Intelligence can help them achieve their business objectives and AI Strategy Execute proof projects showcasing the value of Celonis Process Intelligence, frame a quantitative business value and deliver presentations to senior executives to drive investment decisions Prototype and develop AI solutions tailored to customer needs, including both traditional machine learning, LLM-based solutions and orchestration technology Drive change management and value realisation and ensure a positive return on investment Build strong relationships with our customers by winning their trust through technical, product expertise, and business acumen to act as a trusted advisor Collaborate and share customer insights & feedback with internal Product and Engineering teams to influence and co-develop (AI) product innovations Create re-usable collateral, best practices & tools within the Global VE Center of Excellence and feed them back to the regional Value Engineering team Travel to the Japan region to meet clients in person to ensure the success of customer engagements The qualifications you need: We are looking for people who enjoy solving problems, think outside the box, and are not afraid to make and learn from mistakes. In particular, we seek “builders” who thrive in fast-paced environments and can rapidly develop solutions and pilots using our platform and AI technologies. You have a bachelors and/or masters degree in (Industrial) Engineering, Computer Science, Data Science / Business Analytics, AI/ML, Mathematics or other related fields, as well as valuable work/internship experience. You’re curious, self-motivated, enjoy continuous learning, and you want to work in a lively environment characterized by high growth. You are successful as a Value Engineer if you: Have a passion for technology, data and AI and the impact it can have on the world Have a hunger to learn new technologies and bring at least basic knowledge or hands-on experience in SQL and/or Python Any exposure to process mining principles and completion of Celonis "Rising Star" modules would be a welcome indicator of your eagerness to develop in this field Are able to think analytically and creatively, especially in applying technology solutions to core business problems Are focused on creating and adding value for customers Have an entrepreneurial mindset and the ability to multi-task, prioritize and execute Are able to build relationships with senior management and influence decision-makers Are confident to present to C-level executives and larger audiences Are willing to travel to the Japan region to meet clients in person Are an effective communicator and fluent in English and Japanese What Celonis can offer you: Pioneer Innovation: Work with the global leader in Process Mining and the Process Intelligence Graph to shape the future of AI-driven business operations. Ownership from Day 1: Every full-time "Celonaut" is an owner, receiving Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and merit-based refresh grants. Unrivaled Family Support: Benefit from our inclusive parental leave policy—24 weeks of fully paid leave for primary carers and 12 weeks for supporting carers, available from your first day of employment. Work-Life Integration: Enjoy Unlimited PTO (in applicable regions) and generous PTO globally, as well as a flexible hybrid work model that balances remote focus with vibrant office collaboration. Continuous Growth: Elevate your skills through our 70-20-10 learning framework, mentorship programs, and access to a dedicated learning platform. Holistic Well-being: Prioritize your health with subsidized Wellhub memberships, mental health counseling, and dedicated "Wellness Weeks" that prioritize work/life balance. Drive Sustainability: Participate in annual Impact Days, where you receive paid time off to volunteer for community and environmental causes with your local office, or virtually. Global Inclusion & Belonging: Find community through our Inclusion Think Tank and participate in our annual Inclusion Days, ensuring every voice is heard and valued. Value-Driven Impact: Join a mission-led organization where our core values—Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future—drive every decision. About Us: Celonis makes processes work — for people, companies, and the planet. Powered by process mining and AI, the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform integrates process data and business context to create a living digital twin of business operations. We enable thousands of companies worldwide to understand how their business actually runs and, together with their partners, build intelligent solutions that transform and continuously improve the way they operate — unlocking billions in value. Celonis is headquartered in Munich, Germany, and New York City, USA, with more than 20 offices worldwide. Get familiar with the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform by watching this video . Celonis Inclusion Statement: At Celonis, we believe our people make us who we are and that “The Best Team Wins”. We know that the best teams are made up of people who bring different perspectives to the table. And when everyone feels included, able to speak up and knows their voice is heard - that's when creativity and innovation happen. Your Privacy: Any information you submit to Celonis as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Celonis’ Accessibility and Candidate Notices By submitting this application, you confirm that you agree to the storing and processing of your personal data by Celonis as described in our Privacy Notice for the Application and Hiring Process . Please be aware of common job offer scams, impersonators and frauds. Learn more here . Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf If available to you, please upload your Transcript of Records (ToR). Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Most Recent Employer * Please add here the name of your most recent employer, where available. If you are currently studying or this is your first job, please add "n/a". LinkedIn Profile Are you legally authorized to work in the country you are applying to? * Select... Will you now or in the future require immigration sponsorship for employment visa status? * Select... Please confirm that you are fluent in Japanese. * Select... Salary Expectation * Preferred Start Date How did you hear about this job? I confirm, that I have read the Celonis Privacy Notice for the handling of my personal data in the application process. * Select... Celonis Privacy Notice Most Recent Job Title * Please add here the name of your current or most recent job title, where available. If you are currently studying please add "Student". If this is your first job, please add "n/a". I confirm the information provided in this application, including but not limited to my resume and the above information, is true and correct. I understand that false statements or material omissions of any kind during the hiring process may result in the rescinding of any offer of employment or dismissal once employed. * Select... Which Celonis campus event or university career fair did you attend? * Select... The Best Team Wins At Celonis, we believe #TheBestTeamWins when everyone counts. We celebrate the differences and individuality of all our employees and understand the value of having a variety of experiences, backgrounds, knowledge bases, and perspectives at play in our teams. We encourage people of all different backgrounds to apply. All employment decisions are based on qualifications and merit. We will now ask some voluntary questions that help us build an accurate picture of our applicant and workforce representation. In accordance with the Celonis Privacy Notice for the Application and Hiring Process , this information will be kept confidential, it will not be used to make hiring decisions and it and choosing not to answer will not affect your application in any way. Please indicate your gender identity Select... What does &quot;The Best Team Wins&quot; mean to you? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse