Job Application for Senior Applied AI Engineer (Value Engineering) - EMEA/UKIE at Celonis Back to jobs Senior Applied AI Engineer (Value Engineering) - EMEA/UKIE Bangalore, India Apply Celonis is the global leader in Process Intelligence and the pioneer of Process Mining technology. As one of the world’s fastest-growing enterprise SaaS companies, we are changemakers pushing the boundaries of what’s possible. We invest heavily in advanced AI capabilities—specifically our Process Intelligence Graph—to turn data insights into immediate business action. We believe there is a massive opportunity to unlock global productivity and sustainability by placing intelligence at the core of every business process. Join our mission to make processes work for people, companies, and the planet. The Team: The Celonis Value Engineering (VE) team is focused on managing the entire customer value lifecycle, from sales through value realization, renewal and expansion. As a Senior Value Engineer - India, your primary focus will be supporting our GCC's (Global Competency Centers) across the Adopt and Expand phases of our customer value journey. This team will be a part of the Global VE CoE spearheading our mission of data-driven business transformation with our customers. You will blend deep process and industry expertise with a proven consulting skill set with strong analytical skills at the forefront of one of the fastest-growing tech companies worldwide. The Role: Collaborate with GCC customers in India to uncover their core business challenges and determine how Celonis can help them achieve their business objectives Provide support to other regions, including APAC, to establish and cultivate foundational accounts. Build strong relationships with our customers by winning their trust through technical, product expertise, and business acumen to act as a trusted advisor. Collaborate and share customer insights & feedback with internal Product and Engineering teams to influence product innovation Create re-usable collateral, best practices & tools within the Global VE Center of Excellence and feed them back to the regional Value Engineering team Conduct ROI analysis and develop business cases to quantify the potential benefits of implementing Celonis solutions The work you’ll do: Identify & Frame Value ● Discover and translate customers’ strategic priorities into high-impact Celonis use cases ● Build demos and business cases, leveraging industry benchmarks and best practices in order to win new customers ● Undertake Value Assessments or Proof-of-Value Projects and communicate the value opportunity and strategic roadmap to C-Level executives Realize Value ● Facilitate business value workshops and use Celonis to identify and qualify opportunities for process enhancement ● Derive improvement measures in core business functions and initiate improvement actions and enterprise-wide change initiatives ● Present results and realized value to senior management and C-level executive Scale Value ● Build a strategic expansion roadmap for customers embedding Celonis Process Intelligence as a strategic business transformation platform in their organization and therefore drive adoption and expansion ● Provide feedback to our product development teams to enhance the Celonis platform and Apps based on new use cases The qualifications you need: Live for Customer Value: 5 yrs + experience in an analytical role with the objective to demonstrate or secure value through business data analysis, business process improvement and respective Software deployment. Ideally in a customer-facing role in Solution Consulting, Sales Engineering or IT/Management Consulting with a Business Software / SaaS Provider or a Consultancy. Alternatively in an In-house role (e.g. Center of Excellence for Data Mining / Analytics / Intelligence) within an Enterprise. Data, Analytics, Applications & IT: Good knowledge of Business Software / SaaS applications (e.g. SAP), experience with implementing RPA and/or BI Tools and/or building Dashboards, Apps and Action Flows. Hands-on SQL experience and Python is preferred . Experience in collaborating with IT teams. Process Improvement & Value Realization: Experience in identifying use cases for business process improvement and deploying improvement measures, being a change agent and training users/process owners to realize value Project Management : Experience in planning and managing project scopes, expectations and timelines. You will manage multiple projects across your aligned accounts that will be at different parts of the value journey. Also, you will leverage partners from the Celonis Ecosystem wherever possible. Executive Stakeholder Management: Experience in preparing and communicating (value) roadmaps and results to stakeholders and management, both internally and externally. Excellent communication and presentation skills in Italian and English. What Celonis can offer you: Pioneer Innovation: Work with the global leader in Process Mining and the Process Intelligence Graph to shape the future of AI-driven business operations. Ownership from Day 1: Every full-time "Celonaut" is an owner, receiving Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and merit-based refresh grants. Unrivaled Family Support: Benefit from our inclusive parental leave policy—24 weeks of fully paid leave for primary carers and 12 weeks for supporting carers, available from your first day of employment. Work-Life Integration: Enjoy Unlimited PTO (in applicable regions) and generous PTO globally, as well as a flexible hybrid work model that balances remote focus with vibrant office collaboration. Continuous Growth: Elevate your skills through our 70-20-10 learning framework, mentorship programs, and access to a dedicated learning platform. Holistic Well-being: Prioritize your health with subsidized Wellhub memberships, mental health counseling, and dedicated "Wellness Weeks" that prioritize work/life balance. Drive Sustainability: Participate in annual Impact Days, where you receive paid time off to volunteer for community and environmental causes with your local office, or virtually. Global Inclusion & Belonging: Find community through our Inclusion Think Tank and participate in our annual Inclusion Days, ensuring every voice is heard and valued. Value-Driven Impact: Join a mission-led organization where our core values—Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future—drive every decision. About Us: Celonis makes processes work — for people, companies, and the planet. Powered by process mining and AI, the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform integrates process data and business context to create a living digital twin of business operations. We enable thousands of companies worldwide to understand how their business actually runs and, together with their partners, build intelligent solutions that transform and continuously improve the way they operate — unlocking billions in value. Celonis is headquartered in Munich, Germany, and New York City, USA, with more than 20 offices worldwide. Get familiar with the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform by watching this video . Celonis Inclusion Statement: At Celonis, we believe our people make us who we are and that “The Best Team Wins”. We know that the best teams are made up of people who bring different perspectives to the table. And when everyone feels included, able to speak up and knows their voice is heard - that's when creativity and innovation happen. Your Privacy: Any information you submit to Celonis as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Celonis’ Accessibility and Candidate Notices By submitting this application, you confirm that you agree to the storing and processing of your personal data by Celonis as described in our Privacy Notice for the Application and Hiring Process . Please be aware of common job offer scams, impersonators and frauds. Learn more here . Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Most Recent Employer * Please add here the name of your most recent employer, where available. If you are currently studying or this is your first job, please add "n/a". LinkedIn Profile Are you legally authorized to work in the country you are applying to? * Select... Will you now or in the future require immigration sponsorship for employment visa status? * Select... Salary Expectation * Preferred Start Date How did you hear about this job? I confirm, that I have read the Celonis Privacy Notice for the handling of my personal data in the application process. * Select... Celonis Privacy Notice Most Recent Job Title * Please add here the name of your current or most recent job title, where available. If you are currently studying please add "Student". If this is your first job, please add "n/a". I confirm the information provided in this application, including but not limited to my resume and the above information, is true and correct. I understand that false statements or material omissions of any kind during the hiring process may result in the rescinding of any offer of employment or dismissal once employed. * Select... The Best Team Wins At Celonis, we believe #TheBestTeamWins when everyone counts. We celebrate the differences and individuality of all our employees and understand the value of having a variety of experiences, backgrounds, knowledge bases, and perspectives at play in our teams. We encourage people of all different backgrounds to apply. All employment decisions are based on qualifications and merit. We will now ask some voluntary questions that help us build an accurate picture of our applicant and workforce representation. In accordance with the Celonis Privacy Notice for the Application and Hiring Process , this information will be kept confidential, it will not be used to make hiring decisions and it and choosing not to answer will not affect your application in any way. Please indicate your gender identity Select... What does &quot;The Best Team Wins&quot; mean to you? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse