Field Sales Territory Sales Manager - NL in Eindhoven, Brabante Settentrionale, Paesi Bassi | Careers at SumUp EN ES Back to all jobs Field Sales Territory Sales Manager - NL Eindhoven, Brabante Settentrionale, Paesi Bassi · Field Sales Loading Apply now We&#x27;re hiring: Field Sales Territory Manager at SumUp! Location: Eindhoven At SumUp , we&#x27;re a global fintech company dedicated to helping small businesses thrive. Operating in over 30 countries, we provide simple, affordable, and innovative payment solutions from card readers to business accounts and online stores. With over 4 million merchants around the world, we&#x27;re on a mission to empower local entrepreneurs and build a world where everyone can run a business with ease and confidence. We look for a dynamic sales leader who thrives in the field, builds from the ground up, and knows how to scale winning teams. At SumUp, we&#x27;re empowering small merchants across Europe, and we&#x27;re on the lookout for entrepreneurial Field Sales Team Leads to grow our footprint in key regions. 🔥 Your Mission: Lead from the front: Proactively sell SumUp&#x27;s POS and card readers in the field to build deep market understanding Build and lead: Recruit, onboard, and coach a team of 10–15 self-employed commission-based Field Sales Representatives Scale with impact: Launch and grow our presence across multiple cities and territories Drive performance: Set clear goals, monitor KPIs, and continuously improve sales conversion and team output Act as a founder: Be the local expert, represent the brand, and collaborate closely with HQ teams to deliver strategic insights 🧠 We’re looking for someone who: Has a strong track record in field sales and direct selling Has experience building and managing freelance or commission-based sales teams Is entrepreneurial, driven, and thrives in fast-paced environments Understands the needs of small businesses and local markets Is performance-oriented and thrives on achieving ambitious targets Is comfortable using CRM and sales tools to drive data-informed decisions 🎁 What we offer: Attractive compensation: Competitive base salary + uncapped commissions Flexible work model: 70–80% field-based travel across the region Autonomy: A high-impact role where you own your territory and results Learning and Development budget: 2000 € per year Pension scheme with CentraalBeheer PPI Mobility Allowance: 500 € per month Fuel reimbursement: 300 € per month Phone allowance: 30€ per month Gym Allowance: 600 € per year Mental Health support Free language courses At SumUp, we’re proud to be an equal-opportunity employer. We value diverse perspectives and experiences if you’re motivated, capable, and excited about our mission, we encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet every single requirement. Let’s grow together! Job Application Tip We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp. About Contact Help Center Developers Bug Bounty Program Affiliates Business Guide Press Jobs Handbook Top articles The Credit Card Reader That Fits In Your Pocket and Suits Your Pocket United States Australia Austria Belgium Brazil Bulgaria Canada Chile Colombia Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hungary Ireland Italy Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Malta Mexico Norway Perú Poland Portugal Romania Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden Switzerland The Netherlands United Kingdom United States Legal Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Service Status ©SumUp Inc. All Rights Reserved | SumUp Inc. 1209 Orange Street Wilmington DE 19801-0801. SumUp is a registered Payment Facilitator of Fifth Third Bank, an Ohio Corporation. Banking services are provided by Piermont Bank, Member FDIC.