Inside Sales Account Executive in Denver, Colorado, United States | Careers at SumUp EN ES Back to all jobs Inside Sales Account Executive Denver, Colorado, United States · Direct Sales Loading Apply now Inside Sales Account Executive(s) - Denver, CO This is an onsite (M-F) office position in Greenwood Village, CO starting June 15th, 2026! \ * \ * Remote and Hybrid are not available - Who you are: We are looking for ambitious, self-driven Account Executives to join our fast-paced and rapidly growing Inside Sales team! This is a closing role where you will own the entire sales process from start to finish via warm inbound inquiries, SDR transfers, strategic outreach, and other internal sales tools. The role requires tenacity, a high level of work ethic, and a closer mentality. If you are motivated to be part of an innovative start-up, energetic about a career in inside sales, and have that winning desire to be on top of the leaderboard, apply now! A day in the life: 100% align, embody, and represent SumUp’s Core Values Drive top-line revenue by acquiring new merchants Qualify, present, and close new accounts through warm inbound inquiries and additional lead sources Meet and exceed assigned sales quotas month over month Facilitate positive experiences with prospects through your expertise in our products, systems, and processes Execute a consultative sales process crafted to acquire new merchants nationwide Be an expert in all SumUp products and services What we&#x27;re looking for: Self-sufficient and ability to execute in an autonomous work environment Demonstrate an understanding of an effective sales process Ability to navigate transactional sales environment Passionate about the success of your team, merchants, and organization Possess high energy and a strong desire to achieve top results and navigate change with a personable, positive “can-do” attitude via the phone and in person. Excellent time management and organization skills High ethical values and integrity Ability to adapt to a fast-paced and demanding environment Excellent written/verbal communication skills Salesforce.com or other CRM experience preferred Demonstrated experience delivering superior customer service and attention to detail Ability to overcome initial indifference and articulate value in your interactions Ability to navigate multiple browsers and programs including product demos, Salesforce, Sales Tools, and Google Suite Ability to demo and present SumUp products through virtual meeting platforms (Google Hangout) Who we are: Business owners are at the heart of everything we do at SumUp, which is why we create powerful, easy-to-use financial solutions to help them. With a founder’s mentality and a &#x27;team-first’ attitude, our diverse teams across the globe work together to ensure small business owners we partner with can be successful doing what they love. SumUp is a global financial technology company that allows businesses of all sizes to manage their business and accept payments both in-store and online. Named as Europe’s fastest-growing company in the Inc. 5000, SumUp supports over 4 million merchants globally and operates in 36 markets across Europe, the U.S., South America, and Australia. With our point of sale systems, card terminals and online services relied upon by businesses of all sizes, SumUp is the partner of choice for small businesses from every walk of life. Compensation: Base salary is $45K + Commission (no cap) OTE - $70K+ Benefits & More: We’re a truly global team of 4000+ people from 60+ countries, working to help small businesses across 3 continents. Startup environment and small, cross-functional teams A full suite of benefits including medical, dental and vision 22 days vacation days & 8 sick days plus 11 paid holidays 401(K) employer match and paid parental leave One month of sabbatical after every 3 years of employment SumUp is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. SumUp does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, ethnic or national origin, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, or any other basis protected by law. SumUp will not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than directly from a candidate. #SumUpUSA Job Application Tip We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp. About Contact Help Center Developers Bug Bounty Program Affiliates Business Guide Press Jobs Handbook Top articles The Credit Card Reader That Fits In Your Pocket and Suits Your Pocket United States Australia Austria Belgium Brazil Bulgaria Canada Chile Colombia Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hungary Ireland Italy Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Malta Mexico Norway Perú Poland Portugal Romania Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden Switzerland The Netherlands United Kingdom United States Legal Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Service Status ©SumUp Inc. All Rights Reserved | SumUp Inc. 1209 Orange Street Wilmington DE 19801-0801. SumUp is a registered Payment Facilitator of Fifth Third Bank, an Ohio Corporation. Banking services are provided by Piermont Bank, Member FDIC.