Job Application for Account Executive, Mid-Market West at Hightouch Back to jobs Account Executive, Mid-Market West San Francisco, CA Apply About Hightouch Hightouch is the modern AI platform for marketing and growth teams. Our AI agents reimagine marketing workflows, allowing marketers to create content, plan campaigns, and execute strategies with transformational velocity and performance. Hightouch is a rare company built on the intersection of two fundamental technological shifts: advances in LLMs and agentic AI, and the creation and rapid adoption of cloud data warehouses like Snowflake and Databricks. Building on these tailwinds, we’ve become a leader in AI marketing and partner with industry leaders like Domino’s, Chime, Spotify, Ramp, Whoop, Grammarly, and over 1000 others. Our team focuses on making a meaningful impact for our customers. We approach challenges with first-principles thinking, move quickly and efficiently, and treat each other with compassion and kindness. We look for team members who are strong communicators, have a growth mindset, and are motivated and persistent in achieving our goals. About The Role Hightouch is looking for a Mid-Market Account Executive (AE) to join our rapidly growing team. We’re a small team and looking for someone with at least 2 years of Corporate or Mid-Market Sales experience. We are looking for a self-starter with a passion for solving problems and delighting their customers. Within our Mid-Market segment, you will be working with a wide range of companies and have the opportunity to work on strategic, complex deals. Our deals are varied and give you an opportunity to sell to many different personas, industries and use-cases. You will learn value selling skills that will allow you to grow your career into any direction you want. The right candidate is someone who has a proven track record of success and is looking to further their career with a fast-growing startup. The ideal person will be both coachable, have a strong work ethic and entrepreneurial spirit. What We're Looking For 2+ years in a full cycle sales role, but we care less about "years of experience" and more about the impact and results of your work Strong discovery and interpersonal skills Intellectual curiosity, high ambition and humility. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Ability to adapt to an ever changing work environment Thorough understanding of the technology industry and its players Compensation Details On-Target Earnings: $200,000 annually Base Salary: $100,000 annually We also offer meaningful equity compensation in the form of ISO options and offer early exercise and a 10-year post-termination exercise window. E-Verify Statement Hightouch participates in E-Verify. We will provide the Social Security Administration, and if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security, with information from each new employee’s Form I-9 to confirm work authorization. Please note that we do not use this information to pre-screen job applicants. E-Verify Notice E-Verify Notice (Spanish) Right to Work Notice Right to Work Notice (Spanish) Create a Job Alert Interested in building your career at Hightouch? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email. Create alert Apply for this job * indicates a required field Autofill with MyGreenhouse First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country Phone Resume/CV Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf LinkedIn Profile * Why are you interested in Hightouch? Are you legally authorized to work in the country where this role is based, now and in the future, without requiring employer visa sponsorship? * Select... Are you authorized to work for any employer in the U.S? * Select... Will you now or in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status? * Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse