Job Application for Enterprise Account Executive, DACH at Hightouch Back to jobs Enterprise Account Executive, DACH Europe - Austria/Switzerland/Netherlands/UKI Apply About Hightouch Hightouch is the modern AI platform for marketing and growth teams. Our AI agents reimagine marketing workflows, allowing marketers to create content, plan campaigns, and execute strategies with transformational velocity and performance. Hightouch is a rare company built on the intersection of two fundamental technological shifts: advances in LLMs and agentic AI, and the creation and rapid adoption of cloud data warehouses like Snowflake and Databricks. Building on these tailwinds, we’ve become a leader in AI marketing and partner with industry leaders like Domino’s, Chime, Spotify, Ramp, Whoop, Grammarly, and over 1000 others. Our team focuses on making a meaningful impact for our customers. We approach challenges with first-principles thinking, move quickly and efficiently, and treat each other with compassion and kindness. We look for team members who are strong communicators, have a growth mindset, and are motivated and persistent in achieving our goals. About Hightouch Hightouch’s mission is to empower everyone to take action on their data. We’ve pioneered the Composable Customer Data Platform (CDP), which helps companies use their own data warehouse to collect, prepare, and activate customer data for marketing personalization and busisness operations. Traditionally, acting on data has required engineering time and bandwidth, and left most business users stuck with charts and reports that are unable to take automated action on their data. With Hightouch, every business user, without writing any code, can activate data to streamline critical processes, improve marketing performance, and scale operations. Our team operates with a focus on making a meaningful impact for our customers. We believe in approaching challenges with a first principles thinking mindset, moving quickly and embracing our value of efficient execution, and treating each other with compassion and kindness. We look for team members that are strong communicators, have a growth mindset, and are motivated and persistent in achieving our goals. Hundreds of companies use Hightouch, including Spotify, Ramp, Grammarly, NBA, Plaid, and Betterment. We’re based in San Francisco, are remote-friendly, and backed by leading investors such as Amplify Partners, ICONIQ Growth, Bain Capital Ventures, Y-Combinator, and Afore Capital. About The Role Hightouch is looking for an Enterprise Account Executive (EAE) to join our rapidly growing team. We’re a small team and looking for someone with at least 4 years of Sales experience. We are looking for a self-starter with a passion for technology and people. The right candidate is someone who has a proven track record of success who is looking to further their career with a fast growing startup. The ideal person will be both coachable, have a strong work ethic and entrepreneurial spirit. What We're Looking For 4+ years experience in complex enterprise SaaS sales Experience building pipeline through outbound and land and expand in the DACH region Must have fluent German language skills Must be based outside of Germany, in EMEA. Strong discovery and interpersonal skills Intellectual curiosity, high ambition and humility. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Ability to adapt to an ever-changing work environment Be a self-starter Bonus if you have Background in Martech and/or Data E-Verify Statement Hightouch participates in E-Verify. We will provide the Social Security Administration, and if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security, with information from each new employee’s Form I-9 to confirm work authorization. Please note that we do not use this information to pre-screen job applicants. E-Verify Notice E-Verify Notice (Spanish) Right to Work Notice Right to Work Notice (Spanish) Create a Job Alert Interested in building your career at Hightouch? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email. Create alert Apply for this job * indicates a required field Autofill with MyGreenhouse First Name * Last Name * Preferred First Name * Email * Phone Country Phone Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf LinkedIn Profile Do you speak fluent German? * Select... Do you live outside of Germany or are you open to relocating? * Select... Are you legally authorized to work in the country where this role is based, now and in the future, without requiring employer visa sponsorship? * Select... What country are you currently residing in full-time? * Submit application Powered by Greenhouse