Job Application for Enterprise Account Executive - MENA at Hightouch Back to jobs Enterprise Account Executive - MENA Dubai Apply About Hightouch Hightouch is the modern AI platform for marketing and growth teams. Our AI agents reimagine marketing workflows, allowing marketers to create content, plan campaigns, and execute strategies with transformational velocity and performance. Hightouch is a rare company built on the intersection of two fundamental technological shifts: advances in LLMs and agentic AI, and the creation and rapid adoption of cloud data warehouses like Snowflake and Databricks. Building on these tailwinds, we’ve become a leader in AI marketing and partner with industry leaders like Domino’s, Chime, Spotify, Ramp, Whoop, Grammarly, and over 1000 others. Our team focuses on making a meaningful impact for our customers. We approach challenges with first-principles thinking, move quickly and efficiently, and treat each other with compassion and kindness. We look for team members who are strong communicators, have a growth mindset, and are motivated and persistent in achieving our goals. About The Role Hightouch is looking for an Enterprise Account Executive to join our Southern Europe team as our first person on the ground in the Middle East. As part of our small but growing EMEA team, you'll play a key role in expanding our presence across the region. We're a small, high-impact team looking for someone with at least 4 years of enterprise sales experience who thrives in fast-paced, high-growth environments. The right candidate is someone with a proven track record of closing complex deals who's excited to build their career with a fast-growing startup. You're coachable, bring a strong work ethic and entrepreneurial mindset, and are energized by the opportunity to shape our go-to-market strategy in MENA. What We're Looking For 4+ years of enterprise sales experience in martech and/or data infrastructure Proven success in building a pipeline through strategic outbound and land-and-expand motions Experience selling to marketing and data personas Experience navigating complex, multi-stakeholder enterprise deals Strong discovery skills and ability to build executive-level relationships Intellectual curiosity, high ambition, and humility Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English & Arabic Ability to thrive in ambiguity and adapt to an ever-changing environment Self-starter mentality with the ability to work autonomously while collaborating across regions Bonus If You Have Experience selling in Southern European markets Familiarity with the modern data stack (CDPs, data warehouses, reverse ETL) Track record of consistently exceeding quota in a high-growth startup environment E-Verify Statement Hightouch participates in E-Verify. We will provide the Social Security Administration, and if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security, with information from each new employee’s Form I-9 to confirm work authorization. Please note that we do not use this information to pre-screen job applicants. E-Verify Notice E-Verify Notice (Spanish) Right to Work Notice Right to Work Notice (Spanish) Create a Job Alert Interested in building your career at Hightouch? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email. Create alert Apply for this job * indicates a required field Autofill with MyGreenhouse First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country Phone Resume/CV Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf LinkedIn Profile Are you fluent in English and Arabic? * Select... Do you currently live in or within commutable distance from Dubai? * Select... Are you legally authorized to work in the country where this role is based, now and in the future, without requiring employer visa sponsorship? * Select... What country are you currently residing in full-time? * Submit application Powered by Greenhouse