Job Application for Mid-Market Account Executive, EMEA at Hightouch Back to jobs Mid-Market Account Executive, EMEA Europe Apply About Hightouch Hightouch is the modern AI platform for marketing and growth teams. Our AI agents reimagine marketing workflows, allowing marketers to create content, plan campaigns, and execute strategies with transformational velocity and performance. Hightouch is a rare company built on the intersection of two fundamental technological shifts: advances in LLMs and agentic AI, and the creation and rapid adoption of cloud data warehouses like Snowflake and Databricks. Building on these tailwinds, we’ve become a leader in AI marketing and partner with industry leaders like Domino’s, Chime, Spotify, Ramp, Whoop, Grammarly, and over 1000 others. Our team focuses on making a meaningful impact for our customers. We approach challenges with first-principles thinking, move quickly and efficiently, and treat each other with compassion and kindness. We look for team members who are strong communicators, have a growth mindset, and are motivated and persistent in achieving our goals. About Hightouch Hightouch is the leading AI platform for marketing and growth teams. Our AI agents reimagine marketing workflows, allowing marketers to create content, plan campaigns, and execute strategies with transformational velocity and performance. Hightouch is built on the intersection of two fundamental technological shifts: advances in LLMs and agentic AI, and the rapid adoption of cloud data warehouses like Snowflake and Databricks. We pioneered the Composable Customer Data Platform (CDP) and have since expanded into AI Decisioning — allowing marketers to set goals and guardrails that AI agents use to personalize 1:1 customer interactions at scale. We've become a recognized leader in the space: we recently surpassed $100M in ARR, were named a Leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant, and raised our Series D — a testament to the momentum we're building and the trust our customers place in us. Over 1,000 companies, including Domino's, Spotify, Chime, Ramp, Whoop, Grammarly, and PetSmart, rely on Hightouch to power their growth. Our team focuses on making a meaningful impact for our customers. We approach challenges with first-principles thinking, move quickly and efficiently, and treat each other with compassion and kindness. We look for team members who are strong communicators, have a growth mindset, and are motivated and persistent in achieving our goals. We're based in San Francisco with team members around the world, and backed by leading investors including Sapphire Ventures, Amplify Partners, ICONIQ Growth, Bain Capital Ventures, Y-Combinator, and Afore Capital. What We're Looking For Someone with at least 3+ years of Mid-Market or Enterprise sales experience Experience with complex sales cycles into businesses over 2000 employees in EMEA Strong discovery and interpersonal skills Intellectual curiosity, high ambition and humility. Strong pipeline discipline in a land and expand motion Experience closing deals $50k ARR upwards Ability to adapt to an ever-changing work environment Thorough understanding of the technology industry and its players Experience in the Martech and/or Data space E-Verify Statement Hightouch participates in E-Verify. We will provide the Social Security Administration, and if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security, with information from each new employee’s Form I-9 to confirm work authorization. Please note that we do not use this information to pre-screen job applicants. E-Verify Notice E-Verify Notice (Spanish) Right to Work Notice Right to Work Notice (Spanish) Create a Job Alert Interested in building your career at Hightouch? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email. Create alert Apply for this job * indicates a required field Autofill with MyGreenhouse First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country Phone Resume/CV Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf LinkedIn Profile This role requires English fluency and may benefit from additional European language skills. Please indicate your proficiency in the following languages: * English French German Spanish Italian What country are you currently residing in full-time? * Are you legally authorized to work in the country where this role is based, now and in the future, without requiring employer visa sponsorship? * Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse