Pigment - Mid-Market/Corporate Sales Manager - UK&I Mid-Market/Corporate Sales Manager - UK&I London Business – Business / Full Time / Hybrid apply for this job Join Pigment: The AI Platform Redefining Business Planning Pigment is the AI-powered business planning and performance management platform built for agility and scale. We connect people, data, and processes in one intuitive, feature-rich solution, empowering every team—from Finance to HR—to build, adapt, and align strategic plans in real time. Founded in 2019, Pigment is one of the fastest-growing SaaS companies globally. Industry leaders like Unilever, Snowflake, Siemens, and DPD use Pigment daily to make more informed decisions and confidently navigate any scenario. With a team of 500+ across Paris, London, New York, Toronto, San Francisco and Austin, we've raised nearly $400M from top-tier investors and were named a Visionary in the 2024 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Financial Planning Software. At Pigment, we take smart risks, celebrate bold ideas, and challenge the status quo—all while working as one team. If you're driven by innovation and ready to make an impact at scale, we’d love to hear from you. What You Will Do Lead a Team : Directly manage a team of 6-7 individual contributors, fostering a collaborative, high-performing, and results-oriented culture. Act as a Cross Functional Leader : Inspiring and Aligning every Revenue functions supporting the Geo / Region (Solution Consulting, BDRs, Customer Success, Legal, Professional Services…). Strategic Execution : Develop and execute strategies to generate leads, build a robust pipeline, and exceed revenue targets in the Enterprise Sales Motion. Drive Growth : Act as a strategic thinker and hands-on contributor, combining tactical execution with long-term vision to scale up a fast-growing region. Collaborate for Success : Work closely with internal teams to optimize processes, ensure customer satisfaction, and contribute to Pigment’s overall mission. Foster Learning : Cultivate a coachable and growth-oriented mindset within the team, promoting a culture of continuous learning and development. Who You Are Proven Leader : You have a track record of leading and scaling high-performing sales teams in fast-growing environments, particularly in Value-Led Sales Motion (as opposed to Product-Led Motion). Dynamic and Resilient : You thrive in the fast-paced, ever-changing landscape of a scale-up environment, demonstrating adaptability and scrappiness. Inspirational Manager : A natural leader who can inspire and motivate your team while building a culture of collaboration and accountability. Strategic and Hands-On : A big-picture thinker who is equally comfortable rolling up your sleeves to execute at the tactical level. Results-Oriented : A driven professional with a strong focus on achieving and exceeding targets while maintaining exceptional customer satisfaction. Passionate About Mission : Deeply aligned with Pigment’s vision and excited to be part of a venture that’s reshaping business planning and decision-making. Coachable and Curious : Open to feedback, eager to learn, and committed to personal and professional growth. What we are looking for 5-7+ years’ experience or equivalent in managing Enterprise Sales teams (SaaS experience required) Proven track record as a performing Sales Executive You have experience managing long deal cycles of 6 months + with average contract values in excess of $150k You have experience building, and leading the UK&I market You have relevant experience selling Business applications, ideally in finance, supply chain, sales performance management, business planning, BI or Data Analytics related solutions You have a deep track record of creating significant revenue impact and deep relationships within organizations of over 5000 employees Experience managing executive-level relationships at the C-level, through complex sales cycles You are comfortable defining strategy, working autonomously, and rolling up your sleeves when necessary to make an impact at the point of revenue You are fluent in English What we offer Competitive package Equity Healthcare Along with one company offsite every year, we have brand new offices at the heart of major cities including New York, Toronto, Paris, and London High-end equipment (based on stock/availability) to do your work in the best conditions. How we work Thrive Together: We can only win as a team. We are all founders and do the right thing for our peers, Pigment customers, partners, and the planet Never Settle: We aim to become the best at what we do by delivering with rigor and ambition every day. Delivering means building a passionate Pigment community Go for it: We are biased towards action. Every action leads to learning and these learnings get us one step closer to our mission Be real, be humble: We are generous with our feedback, open to change our views and we approach it with empathy knowing everyone is trying to do the best for Pigment We conduct background checks as part of our hiring process, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations in the countries where we operate. This may include verification of employment history, education, and, where legally permitted, criminal records. Any checks will be conducted lawfully prior to formal employment contracts being signed, with candidate consent, and information will be treated confidentially. Pigment is an equal opportunity employer. We believe diversity is a strength and fosters innovation. We are committed to enabling everyone to feel included and valued at the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, family, gender identity, marital status, national origin, physical or mental disability, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, social origin, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws. We may process your personal data in accordance with our HR Data Protection Notice . We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us. apply for this job Pigment Home Page Jobs powered by