Mistral AI - Account Executive, Digital Native US Account Executive, Digital Native US Palo Alto Business / Hybrid apply for this job About Mistral At Mistral AI, we believe in the power of AI to simplify tasks, save time, and enhance learning and creativity. Our technology is designed to integrate seamlessly into daily working life. We democratize AI through high-performance, optimized, open-source and cutting-edge models, products and solutions. Our comprehensive AI platform is designed to meet enterprise needs, whether on-premises or in cloud environments. We are a dynamic, collaborative team passionate about AI and its potential to transform society. Our diverse workforce thrives in competitive environments and is committed to driving innovation. Our teams are distributed between France, USA, UK, Germany and Singapore. We are creative, low-ego and team-spirited. Join us to be part of a pioneering company shaping the future of AI. Together, we can make a meaningful impact. See more about our culture on https://mistral.ai/careers . Role Summary As we grow Mistral's business in North America, we’re looking for a Digital Native Account Executive based in the Bay Area who will help to further accelerate revenue growth with start-ups, scale-ups, and Mid Market accounts across North America. You will manage the entire sales process, from pipeline generation, through closing deals, and expanding customers. In this role you will collaborate closely with colleagues in our Solutions, Product, Finance, Legal, and Marketing teams, and you will play an instrumental role in accelerating Mistral’s growth in North America. What you will do New Accounts Acquisition: • Effectively and consistently build pipeline to achieve goals using multi-channel and tactics based on account plans • Identify, qualify and disqualify sales opportunities • Develop and execute strategic sales plans to convert opportunities into long term customers Account Expansion: • Work closely with the Solutions and Applied AI Engineering teams to ensure customer success criteria are met, and to identify up-sell and cross-sell opportunities • Develop and execute on a strategic vision for account expansion, based on a deep understanding of the customer’s strategy and desired business outcomes Complex Solution Defining and Positioning: • Demonstrate a deep understanding of the technical intricacies of Mistral’s solutions and effectively articulate its value proposition to prospects and customers • Work closely with the Solutions, Applied AI, and Product teams to address customer requirements and questions throughout the sales process, deployment, and post-deployment phases • Establish technical credibility with customers in order to make informed recommendations in line with customers’ desired positive business outcomes Executive Engagement & Alignment: • Cultivate and maintain strong relationships with C-level executives, and other key decision makers within prospect and customer accounts • Prepares clear, concise, persuasive customer communications, demonstrating effective writing and presentation skills, and earning customer trust as an AI advisor • Helps align all stakeholder interests in a deal to create a win/win balance that demonstrates mutual benefit, increases the probability of commitment and drives deals to close Who you are • 5+ years of experience in B2B sales, ideally involving a highly complex, technical solution • Significant work experience within the B2B tech ecosystem, ideally with a focus on AI or related data/infrastructure fields (e.g. deep-tech, AI application layer, cloud provider) • Successful track record working in an early stage (Series A-C) startup or scale up organization. • Excellent negotiation, communication, and interpersonal skills. • Bachelor's degree in Business, Marketing, Information Technology, or a related field. • Excellent negotiation, communication, and interpersonal skills. • Strong understanding of the technology or software industry with a focus on data and AI • Ability to travel as needed to meet with customers and prospects and attend industry events. • Strong analytical skills, with the ability to monitor and analyze business performance and take action • High integrity, low ego, great teammate What we offer 💰 Competitive salary and equity. 🚑 Healthcare: Medical/Dental/Vision covered for you and your family. 👴🏻 401K : 6% matching 🏝️ PTO : 18 days 🚗 Transportation: Reimburse office parking charges, or $120/month for public transport 🏀 Sport: $120/month reimbursement for gym membership 🥕 Meal stipend: $400 monthly allowance for meals 🌎 Visa sponsorship 🤝 Coaching: we offer BetterUp coaching on a voluntary basis By applying, you agree to our Applicant Privacy Policy . apply for this job Mistral AI Home Page Jobs powered by