Mistral AI - Enterprise Sales Leader Enterprise Sales Leader San Francisco / New York, NY Business / Hybrid apply for this job About Mistral At Mistral AI, we believe in the power of AI to simplify tasks, save time, and enhance learning and creativity. Our technology is designed to integrate seamlessly into daily working life. We democratize AI through high-performance, optimized, open-source and cutting-edge models, products and solutions. Our comprehensive AI platform is designed to meet enterprise needs, whether on-premises or in cloud environments. Our offerings include Le Chat, La Plateforme, Mistral Code and Mistral Compute — a suite that brings frontier intelligence to end-users. We are a dynamic, collaborative team passionate about AI and its potential to transform society. Our diverse workforce thrives in competitive environments and is committed to driving innovation. Our teams are distributed between France, USA, UK, Germany and Singapore. We are creative, low-ego and team-spirited. Join us to be part of a pioneering company shaping the future of AI. Together, we can make a meaningful impact. See more about our culture on https://mistral.ai/careers . Role Summary As a US Enterprise Sales Leader at Mistral AI, you will lead and grow a US Enterprise Sales Team, with a focus on acquiring and expanding high-value new logos and customers in your region. Based in San Francisco or New York City, you will focus on recruiting and developing a team of high-performing Enterprise Account Executives; work closely with the RVP of US Enterprise and cross-functional partners to drive execution against the North America business strategy; and manage your regional business with operational excellence, including revenue forecasting, pipeline analysis, and performance tracking. You will report to the RVP of US Enterprise, and play a key role in accelerating Mistral’s growth in the US market. What You Will Do Recruiting Recruit, hire, and onboard a high-performance and diverse team of Enterprise Account Executives to support growth in your region Maintain a strong network of talented candidates to accelerate time to hire Developing Coach, inspire, and manage performance of the team to drive both individual and team-level performance Drive accountability to achievement of key performance metrics Conduct regular performance reviews and career planning sessions with AEs Conduct regular pipeline reviews, account planning sessions, opportunity reviews, and forecast calls to ensure AEs are in a position to exceed quota Executing Own the revenue target for your regional team, ensuring consistent growth in new logo acquisition and customer expansion Effectively translate North America sales strategy into a set of actionable sales activities for your team and region Provide accurate revenue forecasting and pipeline analysis to senior leadership Refine sales plays tailored to your regional context and trends, and share learnings and feedback with leadership and other regional leaders Support AEs in deals by building executive relationships within key Enterprise accounts Collaborate effectively internally with cross-functional teams (e.g., legal, finance, product), as well as externally with key members of the partners ecosystem (e.g., cloud partners, SIs, etc.) Partner closely with Product and Engineering to communicate market feedback and influence product roadmap to support Enterprise customer needs Work closely with Global Sales Leadership to share market feedback and trends, and ensure continued execution against the global and regional strategies Who you are 10+ years of experience in B2B technology sales, with 4+ years in sales management or team leadership roles Track record of success building and managing high-performing sales teams, consistently exceeding revenue targets Proven experience selling to large enterprise organizations, with multiple stakeholders and complex buying processes Strong understanding of the US AI market, including common use cases, key industries, competitive landscape, and latest developments Deep fluency in value selling best practices, with experience in Command of the Message, or another similar value-based methodology Experience in a highly technical sales environment Expertise with sales forecasting, pipeline management, and business analysis Can clearly articulate a leadership philosophy, with experience motivating teams, managing performance, and establishing a clear operating rhythm What we offer 💰 Competitive salary and equity. 🚑 Healthcare: Medical/Dental/Vision covered for you and your family. 👴🏻 401K : 6% matching 🏝️ PTO : 18 days 🚗 Transportation: Reimburse office parking charges, or $120/month for public transport 🏀 Sport: $120/month reimbursement for gym membership 🥕 Meal stipend: $400 monthly allowance for meals 🌎 Visa sponsorship 🤝 Coaching: we offer BetterUp coaching on a voluntary basis By applying, you agree to our Applicant Privacy Policy . apply for this job Mistral AI Home Page Jobs powered by