Job Application for Applied AI Engineer, Beneficial Deployments at Anthropic Back to jobs Applied AI Engineer, Beneficial Deployments Bangalore, India Apply About Anthropic Anthropic’s mission is to create reliable, interpretable, and steerable AI systems. We want AI to be safe and beneficial for our users and for society as a whole. Our team is a quickly growing group of committed researchers, engineers, policy experts, and business leaders working together to build beneficial AI systems. About Beneficial Deployments Beneficial Deployments ensures AI reaches and benefits the communities that need it most. We partner with nonprofits, foundations, and mission-driven organizations to deploy Claude in education, global health, economic mobility, and life sciences, focusing on raising the floor. About the Role We're looking for an Applied AI Engineer to join our Beneficial Deployments team. You’ll use your deep technical expertise to help partners accelerate their impact through advising on evals, hill-climbing on harnesses, prototyping new agents, etc. You will also work on building ecosystem-level tooling and infrastructure to scale impact beyond individual partnerships. Responsibilities Serve as a deep technical partner to mission-driven organizations through advising on evals, agent architectures, context engineering, cost optimization, and more Provide hands-on support to partner engineering teams through pair programming, prototyping, and code contributions that accelerate their development Develop public goods infrastructure that benefits entire ecosystems through benchmarks, MCP’s, and Agent Skills Identify challenges unique to social impact partners, and contribute findings and improvements back to product, engineering, and research Create technical presentations, demos, and scalable technical content (documentation, tutorials, sample code) to accelerate partner adoption and self-service Help shape team processes and culture as we scale from 1 to N Travel occasionally to customer sites for workshops, technical deep dives, and relationship building You Might Be a Good Fit If You Have 8+ years as a Software Engineer, Forward Deployed Engineer, or technical founder Production experience building LLM-powered applications, including prompting, context engineering, agent architectures, evaluation frameworks, and deployment at scale Builder credibility that earns trust with technical founders and engineering teams—you've shipped products and can speak from experience Experience working in ed-tech, healthcare, scientific research, nonprofit, or other mission-driven organizations, understanding their unique challenges and constraints A love of teaching, mentoring, and helping others succeed A scrappy mentality–comfortable wearing multiple hats, building from scratch, driving clarity in ambiguous situations, and doing whatever it takes to further the mission Logistics Minimum education: Bachelor’s degree or an equivalent combination of education, training, and/or experience Required field of study: A field relevant to the role as demonstrated through coursework, training, or professional experience Minimum years of experience: Years of experience required will correlate with the internal job level requirements for the position Location-based hybrid policy: Currently, we expect all staff to be in one of our offices at least 25% of the time. However, some roles may require more time in our offices. Visa sponsorship: We do sponsor visas! However, we aren't able to successfully sponsor visas for every role and every candidate. But if we make you an offer, we will make every reasonable effort to get you a visa, and we retain an immigration lawyer to help with this. We encourage you to apply even if you do not believe you meet every single qualification. Not all strong candidates will meet every single qualification as listed. Research shows that people who identify as being from underrepresented groups are more prone to experiencing imposter syndrome and doubting the strength of their candidacy, so we urge you not to exclude yourself prematurely and to submit an application if you're interested in this work. We think AI systems like the ones we're building have enormous social and ethical implications. We think this makes representation even more important, and we strive to include a range of diverse perspectives on our team. Your safety matters to us. To protect yourself from potential scams, remember that Anthropic recruiters only contact you from @anthropic.com email addresses. In some cases, we may partner with vetted recruiting agencies who will identify themselves as working on behalf of Anthropic. Be cautious of emails from other domains. Legitimate Anthropic recruiters will never ask for money, fees, or banking information before your first day. If you're ever unsure about a communication, don't click any links—visit anthropic.com/careers directly for confirmed position openings. How we're different We believe that the highest-impact AI research will be big science. At Anthropic we work as a single cohesive team on just a few large-scale research efforts. And we value impact — advancing our long-term goals of steerable, trustworthy AI — rather than work on smaller and more specific puzzles. We view AI research as an empirical science, which has as much in common with physics and biology as with traditional efforts in computer science. We're an extremely collaborative group, and we host frequent research discussions to ensure that we are pursuing the highest-impact work at any given time. As such, we greatly value communication skills. The easiest way to understand our research directions is to read our recent research. This research continues many of the directions our team worked on prior to Anthropic, including: GPT-3, Circuit-Based Interpretability, Multimodal Neurons, Scaling Laws, AI & Compute, Concrete Problems in AI Safety, and Learning from Human Preferences. Come work with us! Anthropic is a public benefit corporation headquartered in San Francisco. We offer competitive compensation and benefits, optional equity donation matching, generous vacation and parental leave, flexible working hours, and a lovely office space in which to collaborate with colleagues. Guidance on Candidates' AI Usage: Learn about our policy for using AI in our application process Create a Job Alert Interested in building your career at Anthropic? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email. Create alert Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country Phone Resume/CV Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf (Optional) Personal Preferences How do you pronounce your name? Website LinkedIn Profile Please ensure to provide either your LinkedIn profile or Resume, we require at least one of the two. Are you open to working in-person in one of our offices 25% of the time? * Select... Are you open to relocation for this role? * Select... When is the earliest you would want to start working with us? Do you have any deadlines or timeline considerations we should be aware of? Will you now or will you in the future require employment visa sponsorship to work in the country in which the job you&#x27;re applying for is located? * Select... Do you require visa sponsorship? * Select... Why Anthropic? * Why do you want to work at Anthropic? (We value this response highly - great answers are often 200-400 words.) AI Policy for Application * Select... We believe that AI will have a transformative impact on the world, and we&rsquo;re seeking exceptional candidates who collaborate thoughtfully with Claude to realize this vision. At the same time, we want to understand your unique skills, expertise, and perspective through our hiring process. We invite you to review our AI partnership guidelines for candidates and confirm your understanding by selecting &ldquo;Yes.&rdquo; Please review and acknowledge Anthropic&#x27;s Candidate Privacy Policy. * Select... Anthropic Employee & Candidate Privacy Notice - India Submit application Powered by Greenhouse