Job Application for Enterprise Account Executive at PolyAI Back to jobs Enterprise Account Executive United Kingdom Apply PolyAI automates customer service through lifelike voice assistants that let customers lead a conversation. Our voice assistants make it possible for businesses to deliver outstanding customer service that rivals their human agents. Our customers, which include the world’s leading logos, are expanding how they use our platform, driving automation of critical customer service operations and integrating PolyAI into their daily customer service workflows. PolyAI is searching for an Enterprise Account Executive to lead and grow our customer relationships with leading hospitality brands, financial institutions, and select Fortune 1000 companies with high volume call center requirements. We want you to bring your great experiences and skills to develop new customers and build executive-level relationships, define the account strategy, deliver solution-based sales and drive sales and revenue growth. You will work with leading brands in hospitality, leading financial institutions, and a carefully curated set of large enterprise companies with mission critical call center requirements as a trusted advisor to evangelize a solution for voice call management that will significantly improve their customer’s experience and related business goals. You will contribute to the growth and success of PolyAI by winning new business, collaborating with customers to deliver great solutions, and exceeding our sales and revenue goals. Responsibilities: Successfully find and engage with customer experience, operations and technology executives at Fortune-class enterprises and rapidly growing medium and large private and public companies Building relationships with key customer teams in business units, operations, technology, finance, and procurement Understanding customer needs, presenting solutions, and crafting innovative approaches to adoption of PolyAI solutions Meeting/exceeding goals for new customers, bookings, and sales/revenue. Consistently provide accurate forecasting, customer qualification and account plans, solution requirements and sales pipeline management Work with CRM and other tools to help maintain internal tracking and reporting of sales activity Provide an exceptional customer experience to all prospects and customers Acquire and maintain a high level of subject matter expertise and support a consultative high value customer experience Participate with PolyAI team members and leadership to provide thoughtful and insightful feedback on market conditions, product and solution performance and brand acceptance Qualifications: Experience selling to enterprise decision makers that include executives, business, and technical leaders. Sales experience with Call Center operations in hospitality brands, insurance and finance and banking is preferred Demonstrated success selling to enterprise-class customers in industries including but not limited to hospitality, travel, insurance, finance and banking Successful results meeting/exceeding sales goals, new customer contracts, revenue expansion, new product adoption. Proven results that consistently meet and exceed annual sales targets and revenue quota Experience selling solutions embracing SaaS, system and performance software and innovative devices. Ability to communicate analytical results a critical success factor for this role Demonstrated success at developing customer specific proposals and business cases Understanding and clearly communicating the benefits of complex, technical solutions to early adopters and visionaries at executive and team levels. Ability to understand and communicate about Artificial Intelligence (AI) a plus We offer competitive compensation based on experience, expertise, and the level of responsibility. This role also includes equity, giving you the opportunity to share in the long-term success of the business. The listed expectations reflect what we're hiring for, so we encourage you to review the job description carefully. Benefits 💰 Participation in the company’s employee share options plan 🏝 25 days holiday, plus bank holidays 🏡 Flexible working from home policy 🌎 Work from outside of the UK for up to 6 months each year 🫂TELUS Health EAP 24/7 - offers you and your chosen family confidential, judgment-free support for any work, health, or life challenge 🧡 Enhanced parental leave 🚲 Bike2Work scheme 📚 Annual learning and development allowance 🏡 We’re all about making WFH work for you - that’s why we offer a one-off WFH allowance when you join. Offering perks like noise-cancelling headphones or a comfortable desk chair to boost your comfort and focus! 👨‍👩‍👧 Company-funded fertility and family-forming programmes 🌸 Menopause care programme with Maven 🏥 Private healthcare and dental cover, discounts on gym members and relaxation apps, and access to a range of mental health programs At PolyAI, we take great pride in our values - they guide everything we do. We believe that a strong culture leads to meaningful work and lasting impact. Our core values are: Only the best We expect the best from our people, we hire people that expect the best from themselves, and we nurture this drive for excellence. Ownership We care deeply about what we do. We take ownership of our initiatives, decisions and outcomes. Relentlessly improve We demand more from ourselves and are always evolving. Continuous, obsessive improvement is the only way we will transform the world of conversational AI. Bias for action Our world moves quickly and so do we. We take calculated risks and we deliver impact fast. Disagree and commit We are all working toward the same goal. If we donʼt agree with something, we work hard to understand it and when a decision is made, we accept it and give it our all. Build for people We want the world to enjoy the experiences they have with us. We are building for a future that prefers automation. PolyAI is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. All employment decisions at PolyAI will be based on the business needs without attention to ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, neurodiversity status or disability status. Kindly find the Privacy Notice for our recruitment process by following the link here . This document provides important information regarding how we handle your personal data throughout the recruitment journey. Create a Job Alert Interested in building your career at PolyAI? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email. Create alert Apply for this job * indicates a required field Autofill with MyGreenhouse First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Education School Select... Degree Select... Discipline Select... Start date month Select... Start date year End date month Select... End date year Add another LinkedIn Profile What are your salary expectations for this role? * What is your current notice period? * Will you now or in the future require any visa or sponsorship support to work in the United Kingdom? * Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse