Job Posting Hootsuite Logo Why Hootsuite What makes us the industry leader Where we&#x27;ve been and where we&#x27;re going How we&#x27;re different Our commitment to education, your business, and the world Hootsuite in the news What we&#x27;re up to now Measure the ROI of your social media Get started with social commerce 5 steps to elevate your brand with social customer care What we do Publish and Schedule Plan your posts with ease Engage customers Manage incoming messages from multiple social channels Monitor activity Stay informed about market trends and competitors Advertise content Promote your organic content and manage paid ads Analyze results Measure your results across all social networks How a Social Media Makeover Helped a Small Business Drive a 108% Increase in Sales Read case study See it in action with a free 30-day trial Sign up now Pricing Resources Learn Academy Industry-leading courses and certifications to advance your skills Blog Tips and tricks from the world&#x27;s most widely-read social media marketing blog Resource library Research and insights that will help guide you to success on social Connect Webinars Interactive sessions with the brightest minds in social Events Join us for some fun online and IRL Support Help center Browse help articles and FAQs Contact sales Get help from our team of experts FAQ Answers to all your questions about Hootsuite How Eurpac Increased its Social Media Followers by Read case study Need Help? Log In Sign Up Careers Departments Locations Careers Blog Loading... Location Apply Now Learn More About Pay Transparency Pay Transparency At Hootsuite, we design our compensation packages based on internal equity and external competitiveness. Every role at Hootsuite is analyzed, evaluated and mapped to a salary range. As a general guideline, the salary for new hires and promoted employees is determined based on an individual&#x27;s skills & capabilities required for the role and their ability to contribute as per the expectations outlined in the job description. Our salary structures are built on trends projected and published by independent and trusted survey companies. Hootsuite analyzes market data and adjusts salary structures, if required, on an annual basis. Salary ranges reflect what we expect to pay for this position at the time of posting. Our total compensation packages summarize our current offerings and are subject to change without notice. Hootsuite is committed to fair and equitable compensation for every employee. Through an annual Pay Equity Analysis, Hootsuite ensures that all employees are paid fair and equitably. Canadian Benefits. Hootsuite offers comprehensive benefits to support the health and wellbeing of our owls and their families. The benefits cover health insurance including medical, dental, vision, life/disability insurances, an Employee and Family Assistance Program and more! Hootsuite provides a group RRSP plan with a company match of up to 4% of base salary. Benefits are available to permanent employees who meet minimum hours requirements without a waiting period. THIS resource will provide additional information. US Benefits. Hootsuite offers comprehensive benefits to support the health and wellbeing of our owls and their families. The benefits cover health insurance including medical, dental, vision, and life/disability insurances. Hootsuite also offers a 401k Plan with a company match (up to 4% of base salary), an Employee and Family Assistance Program and more! Benefits are available to employees who meet minimum hours requirements without a waiting period. THIS resource will provide additional information. Global Parental Leave . All permanent employees, including birthing, non-birthing and adoptive parents, who have been employed by Hootsuite for a minimum of 12 months are eligible for 26 weeks of full and partially paid leave in accordance with local government regulations. Logo About Why Hootsuite Pricing Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Social Impact Leadership Newsroom Careers Contact Sales What We Do Customer Care Social Commerce Social Selling Social Media Marketing Employee Advocacy Product Features Publish Engage Monitor Advertise Analyze Solutions Pricing Professional Team Business Enterprise Our Customers Case Studies See all industries Integrations Partners Resources Academy Blog Resource library Webinars Events App directory Support Need help? Help center Product updates © 2025 Hootsuite Inc. All Rights Reserved. Legal Center Trust Center Privacy Sitemap Cookie Preferences Accessibility App Store Google Play Twitter Facebook Linkedin Youtube Instagram