Job Application for Strategic Account Executive / Client Partner - Manufacturing at Celonis Back to jobs Strategic Account Executive / Client Partner - Manufacturing Remote, Germany Apply Celonis is the global leader in Process Intelligence and the pioneer of Process Mining technology. As one of the world’s fastest-growing enterprise SaaS companies, we are changemakers pushing the boundaries of what’s possible. We invest heavily in advanced AI capabilities—specifically our Process Intelligence Graph—to turn data insights into immediate business action. We believe there is a massive opportunity to unlock global productivity and sustainability by placing intelligence at the core of every business process. Join our mission to make processes work for people, companies, and the planet. The Team: You will join our Strategic Manufacturing & Logistics Account Team which is responsible for selling into the largest Manufacturing and Logistics Services enterprises globally. The Role: Applying a consultative sales approach, you will create and cultivate relationships to build and maintain customers for life. You will be responsible for generating new business opportunities with 1 existing Strategic Manufacturing customer . You will collaborate cross functionally to understand the account’s needs and drive the end-to-end sales-cycle. The work you’ll do: Manage your accounts from an existing customer perspective, land-and-expand is the typical model Engage cross line-of-business at C-level and below Represent the entire Celonis suite of solutions with a focus on our sales motions for Finance and Supply Chain as well as on addressing customer / industry specific use cases Hold an individual revenue target for closing six-seven-figure deals within your accounts Engage closely with partners e.g, consulting firms and SaaS vendors Drive complex sales cycles through orchestrating virtual teams including business development representatives, marketing managers, partner managers, sales engineers / pre-sales, customer success managers, professional services, implementation partners… The qualifications you need: 10+ years of total relevant work experience, including 5+ years in Management/Business Process Consulting, ideally with complementary experience in SaaS Sales , In-house Consulting, or similar areas. Proven ability to build trusted relationships with senior business stakeholders and engage effectively at the C-level (CFO, CPO, COO, etc.) Strong business acumen and a deep understanding of key processes and KPIs throughout the entire enterprise value chain in the Automotive / Manufacturing Industry, particularly within the domains of Finance and Supply Chain. Solid understanding of the Manufacturing industry Strong communication and presentation skills in German (fluent) and English Ability to adapt to a fast moving, ever changing, high growth environment and approach challenges with positivity, creative thinking, and a growth mindset Willingness to be collaborative, inclusive, to embrace diversity and to have strong interpersonal skills #differentmakesusbetter Ability to leverage internal resources and work as a team #bestteamwins #LI-SS6 What Celonis can offer you: Pioneer Innovation: Work with the global leader in Process Mining and the Process Intelligence Graph to shape the future of AI-driven business operations. Ownership from Day 1: Every full-time "Celonaut" is an owner, receiving Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and merit-based refresh grants. Unrivaled Family Support: Benefit from our inclusive parental leave policy—24 weeks of fully paid leave for primary carers and 12 weeks for supporting carers, available from your first day of employment. Work-Life Integration: Enjoy Unlimited PTO (in applicable regions) and generous PTO globally, as well as a flexible hybrid work model that balances remote focus with vibrant office collaboration. Continuous Growth: Elevate your skills through our 70-20-10 learning framework, mentorship programs, and access to a dedicated learning platform. Holistic Well-being: Prioritize your health with subsidized Wellhub memberships, mental health counseling, and dedicated "Wellness Weeks" that prioritize work/life balance. Drive Sustainability: Participate in annual Impact Days, where you receive paid time off to volunteer for community and environmental causes with your local office, or virtually. Global Inclusion & Belonging: Find community through our Inclusion Think Tank and participate in our annual Inclusion Days, ensuring every voice is heard and valued. Value-Driven Impact: Join a mission-led organization where our core values—Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future—drive every decision. About Us: Celonis makes processes work — for people, companies, and the planet. Powered by process mining and AI, the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform integrates process data and business context to create a living digital twin of business operations. We enable thousands of companies worldwide to understand how their business actually runs and, together with their partners, build intelligent solutions that transform and continuously improve the way they operate — unlocking billions in value. Celonis is headquartered in Munich, Germany, and New York City, USA, with more than 20 offices worldwide. Get familiar with the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform by watching this video . Celonis Inclusion Statement: At Celonis, we believe our people make us who we are and that “The Best Team Wins”. We know that the best teams are made up of people who bring different perspectives to the table. And when everyone feels included, able to speak up and knows their voice is heard - that's when creativity and innovation happen. Your Privacy: Any information you submit to Celonis as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Celonis’ Accessibility and Candidate Notices By submitting this application, you confirm that you agree to the storing and processing of your personal data by Celonis as described in our Privacy Notice for the Application and Hiring Process . Please be aware of common job offer scams, impersonators and frauds. Learn more here . Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Resume/CV * Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Most Recent Employer * Please add here the name of your most recent employer, where available. If you are currently studying or this is your first job, please add "n/a". LinkedIn Profile Are you legally authorized to work in the country you are applying to? * Select... Will you now or in the future require immigration sponsorship for employment visa status? * Select... Do you speak German fluently? (must have for this role - IC2 or native) * When in your career did you gain business process related experience with large Manufacturing enterprises in Germany? Please describe your role, the business domain and your impact. * When in your career did you do management / process consulting? Please list employer and associated duration of employment. * When in your career did you sell Software as a Service (SaaS) to Large Enterprises? Please list employer and associated duration of employment. * Salary Expectation * Notice Period * How did you hear about this job? I confirm, that I have read the Celonis Privacy Notice for the handling of my personal data in the application process. * Select... Celonis Privacy Notice Most Recent Job Title * Please add here the name of your current or most recent job title, where available. If you are currently studying please add "Student". If this is your first job, please add "n/a". I confirm the information provided in this application, including but not limited to my resume and the above information, is true and correct. I understand that false statements or material omissions of any kind during the hiring process may result in the rescinding of any offer of employment or dismissal once employed. * Select... The Best Team Wins At Celonis, we believe #TheBestTeamWins when everyone counts. We celebrate the differences and individuality of all our employees and understand the value of having a variety of experiences, backgrounds, knowledge bases, and perspectives at play in our teams. We encourage people of all different backgrounds to apply. All employment decisions are based on qualifications and merit. We will now ask some voluntary questions that help us build an accurate picture of our applicant and workforce representation. In accordance with the Celonis Privacy Notice for the Application and Hiring Process , this information will be kept confidential, it will not be used to make hiring decisions and it and choosing not to answer will not affect your application in any way. Please indicate your gender identity Select... What does &quot;The Best Team Wins&quot; mean to you? Select... Submit application Powered by Greenhouse